The basic sequence of steps followed in the scientific method is illustrated in Figure 1.1 . 	is	The basic sequence	illustrated				followed in the scientific method
The basic sequence of steps followed in the scientific method is illustrated in Figure 1.1 . 	is	The basic sequence	illustrated				of steps
The basic sequence of steps followed in the scientific method is illustrated in Figure 1.1 . 	is	The basic sequence	illustrated		in Figure 1.1		
Asking a question is one really good way to begin to learn about the natural world . 	is	Asking a question	one really good way				to begin to learn about the natural world
You might want to know what to change to produce a better result . 	might want to know	You	what to change				to produce a better result
The farmer learns that a farming method called no-till farming allows farmers to plant seeds without plowing the land .  	learns	The farmer	a farming method called no-till farming allows farmers to plant seeds without plowing the land			without plowing the land	
She wonders if planting seeds without plowing will reduce the erosion problem and help keep more soil on her farmland . 	wonders	She	if planting seeds without plowing will reduce the erosion problem and help keep more soil on her farmland			without plowing	
She wonders if planting seeds without plowing will reduce the erosion problem and help keep more soil on her farmland . 	wonders	She	if planting seeds without plowing will reduce the erosion problem and help keep more soil on her farmland		on her farmland		
Her question is this : Will using the no-till method of farming help me to lose less soil on my farm ? 	is	Her question	this		on my farm		
Before she begins , the farmer needs to learn more about this farming method . 	needs to learn	the farmer	more	Before she begins			
Before she begins , the farmer needs to learn more about this farming method . 	needs to learn	the farmer	more				about this farming method
A good way for her to learn is to talk to people who have tried this way of farming . 	is	A good way	to talk to people				for her
A good way for her to learn is to talk to people who have tried this way of farming . 	is	A good way	to talk to people				to learn
A good way for her to learn is to talk to people who have tried this way of farming . 	is	A good way	to talk to people				who have tried this way of farming
Farming machines are shown in the Figure 1.3 . 	are	Farming machines	shown		in the Figure 1.3		
When we design experiments , we choose just one thing to change . 	choose	we	just one thing	When we design experiments			
When we design experiments , we choose just one thing to change . 	choose	we	just one thing				to change
The thing we change is called the independent variable . 	is called	The thing	the independent variable			we change	
How much soil is lost from each field depends on the plowing method . 	depends on	How much soil is lost	the plowing method		from each field		
In the example , the farmer chooses two fields and then changes only one thing between them . 	chooses	the farmer	two fields				In the example
In the example , the farmer chooses two fields and then changes only one thing between them . 	changes	the farmer	only one thing between them	then			
The fields should be facing the same direction to get about the same amount of sunlight . 	should be facing	The fields	the same direction				to get about the same amount of sunlight
If the farmer only changes how she plows her fields , she can see the impact of the one change . 	can see	she	the impact of the one change			If the farmer only changes how she plows her fields	
After the experiment is complete , scientists then measure the result . 	measure	scientists	the result	After the experiment is complete			
After the experiment is complete , scientists then measure the result . 	measure	scientists	the result	then			
During an experiment , a scientist collects data . 	collects	a scientist	data	During an experiment			
The data might be measurements , like the farmer is taking in Figure labeled . 	might be	The data	measurements				like the farmer is taking in Figure labeled
For example , an electronic balance may always measure one gram high . 	measure	an electronic balance	one gram high				For example
For example , an electronic balance may always measure one gram high . 	measure	an electronic balance	one gram high				always
To fix this , the balance should be adjusted . 	should be	the balance	adjusted				To fix this
If it cant be adjusted , each measurement should be corrected . 	should be	each measurement	corrected			If it cant be adjusted	
A mistake can come if a measurement is hard to make . 	can come	A mistake				if a measurement is hard to make	
For example , the scientist may stop a stopwatch too soon or too late . 	may stop	the scientist	a stopwatch				For example
For example , the scientist may stop a stopwatch too soon or too late . 	may stop	the scientist	a stopwatch	too soon or too late			
To fix this , the scientist should run the experiment many times and make many measurements . 	should run	the scientist	the experiment				To fix this
To fix this , the scientist should run the experiment many times and make many measurements . 	should run	the scientist	the experiment				many times
It is likely a mistake was made in that experiment . 	is	It	a mistake was made in that experiment				likely
Labeling helps the scientist to know what each number represents . 	helps	Labeling	the scientist				to know what each number represents
A scientist may also write descriptions of what happened during the experiment . 	may also write	A scientist	descriptions of what happened	during the experiment			
The scientist may create a graph or drawing to show the data . 	may create	The scientist	a graph or drawing				to show the data
If the scientist can picture the data the results may be easier to understand . 	may be	the results	easier to understand			If the scientist can picture the data	
Then it is easier to draw logical conclusions . 	is	it	easier to draw logical conclusions	Then			
Even if the scientist is really careful it is possible to make a mistake . 	is	it	possible to make a mistake				Even if the scientist is really careful
The farmer grows crops on the two fields for a season . 	grows	The farmer	crops		on the two fields		
The farmer grows crops on the two fields for a season . 	grows	The farmer	crops	for a season			
She finds that 2.2 times as much soil was lost on the plowed field as compared to the unplowed field . 	finds	She	that 2.2 times as much soil was lost on the plowed field as compared to the unplowed field		on the plowed field		
This time she will measure soil moisture , plant growth , and the total amount of water the plants consume . 	will measure	she	soil moisture , plant growth , and the total amount of water the plants consume	This time			
She will also research other factors that may reduce soil erosion . 	will also research	She	other factors			that may reduce soil erosion	
Sometimes an experiment shows that a hypothesis is correct . 	shows	an experiment	that a hypothesis is correct				Sometimes
Other times the data disproves the hypothesis . 	disproves	the data	the hypothesis				Other times
If there is no conclusion , the scientist may test the hypothesis again . 	may test	the scientist	the hypothesis			If there is no conclusion	
If there is no conclusion , the scientist may test the hypothesis again . 	may test	the scientist	the hypothesis				again
No matter what the experiment shows the scientist has learned something . 	has learned	the scientist	something				No matter what the experiment shows
The hypothesis then becomes a theory . 	becomes	The hypothesis	a theory	then			
Sometimes people say they have a theory when what they have is a hypothesis . 	say	people	they have a theory				Sometimes
Sometimes people say they have a theory when what they have is a hypothesis . 	say	people	they have a theory	when what they have is a hypothesis			
In science , a theory has been repeatedly shown to be true . 	has been	a theory	repeatedly shown to be true				In science
A theory is supported by many observations . 	is	A theory	supported				by many observations
However , a theory may be disproved if conflicting data is discovered . 	may be	a theory	disproved			if conflicting data is discovered	
Many important theories have been shown to be true by many observations and experiments and are extremely unlikely to be disproved . 	have been shown	Many important theories	to be true				by many observations and experiments
Many important theories have been shown to be true by many observations and experiments and are extremely unlikely to be disproved . 	are extremely unlikely to be	Many important theories	disproved				
These include the theory of plate tectonics and the theory of evolution . 	include	These	the theory of plate tectonics and the theory of evolution				
Before the paper is printed , other scientists look at it to try to find mistakes . 	look at	other scientists	it	Before the paper is printed			
Before the paper is printed , other scientists look at it to try to find mistakes . 	look at	other scientists	it				to try to find mistakes
They see if the conclusions follow from the data . 	see	They	if the conclusions follow from the data				from the data
Other papers are published on the same topic in the journal . 	are	Other papers	published		in the journal		
Other papers are published on the same topic in the journal . 	are	Other papers	published				on the same topic
The evidence for or against a hypothesis is discussed by many scientists . 	is	The evidence	discussed				for or against a hypothesis
The evidence for or against a hypothesis is discussed by many scientists . 	is	The evidence	discussed				by many scientists
Sometimes a hypothesis is repeatedly shown to be true and never shown to be false . 	is	a hypothesis	repeatedly shown to be true and never shown to be false				Sometimes
Scientists use models to help them understand and explain ideas . 	use	Scientists	models				to help them understand and explain ideas
Models explain objects or systems in a more simple way . 	explain	Models	objects or systems				in a more simple way
This can more accu - rately represent the real situation . 	represent	This	the real situation				more accu - rately
For example , Earths climate depends on an enormous number of factors . 	depends on	Earths climate	an enormous number of factors				For example
Climate models can predict how climate will change as certain gases are added to the atmosphere . 	can predict	Climate models	how climate will change	as certain gases are added to the atmosphere			
To test how good a model is , scientists might start a test run at a time in the past . 	might start	scientists	a test run				To test how good a model is
To test how good a model is , scientists might start a test run at a time in the past . 	might start	scientists	a test run	at a time in the past			
If the model can predict the present it is probably a good model . 	is	it	probably a good model			If the model can predict the present	
It is more likely to be accurate when predicting the future . 	is	It	more likely to be accurate	when predicting the future			
Models help scientists to make predictions about complex systems . 	help	Models	scientists				to make predictions about complex systems
Other types of models use an idea or numbers . 	use	Other types of models	an idea or numbers				
Scientists create models with computers . 	create	Scientists	models				with computers
Computers can handle enormous amounts of data . 	can handle	Computers	enormous amounts of data				
A physical model is a representation of something using objects . 	is	A physical model	a representation of something using objects				
A drawing also doesnt give good idea of how substances move . 	also doesnt give	A drawing	good idea				of how substances move
Arrows showing the direction the material moves can help . 	can help	Arrows				showing the direction the material moves	
In a good model the parts are made or drawn to scale . 	are	the parts	made or drawn to scale				In a good model
Physical models allow us to see , feel and move their parts . 	allow	Physical models	us to see , feel and move their parts				
A drawing helps us to understand the structure of the planet . 	helps	A drawing	us to understand the structure				of the planet
Some models are based on an idea that helps scientists explain something . 	are	Some models	based on an idea				that helps scientists explain something
There is also more information that we simply dont yet know . 	is	There	also more information				that we simply dont yet know
This is a model of something that happened billions of years ago . 	is	This	a model of something				that happened billions of years ago
It brings together many facts known from our studies of the Moons surface . 	brings together	It	many facts known from our studies of the Moons surface				
Models may use formulas or equations to describe something . 	may use	Models	formulas or equations				to describe something
These days , models of complex things are made on computers . 	are	models of complex things	made on computers	These days			
For example , equations help scientists to explain what happened in the early days of the universe . 	help	equations	scientists to explain what happened				For example
For example , equations help scientists to explain what happened in the early days of the universe . 	help	equations	scientists to explain what happened	in the early days of the universe			
The universe formed so long ago that math is the only way to describe it . 	formed	The universe		so long ago			
A climate model includes lots of numbers , including temperature readings , ice density , snowfall levels , and humidity . 	includes	A climate model	lots of numbers , including temperature readings , ice density , snowfall levels , and humidity				
These numbers are put into equations to make a model . 	are	These numbers	put into equations				to make a model
The results are used to predict future climate . 	are	The results	used				to predict future climate
For example , if there are more clouds , does global temperature go up or down ? 	go up or down	global temperature					For example
For example , if there are more clouds , does global temperature go up or down ? 	go up or down	global temperature				if there are more clouds	
If you work in the science lab , you may come across dangerous materials or situations . 	may come across	you	dangerous materials or situations			If you work in the science lab	
Sharp objects , chemicals , heat , and electricity are all used at times in science laboratories . 	are	Sharp objects , chemicals , heat , and electricity	all used at times		in science laboratories		
With proper protection and precautions , almost all accidents can be prevented -LRB- Figure 1.8 -RRB- . 	can be	almost all accidents	prevented				With proper protection and precautions
Leftover substances could interact with other sub - stances in future experiments . 	could interact with	Leftover substances	other sub - stances				in future experiments
If an accident happens , it can be dealt with appropriately . 	can be	it	dealt with appropriately			If an accident happens	
Like flowing water , wind picks up and transports particles . 	picks up and transports	wind	particles				Like flowing water
Wind carries particles of different sizes in the same ways that water carries them . 	carries	Wind	particles of different sizes				in the same ways that water carries them
They may be carried great distances and rise high above the ground . 	may be	They	carried great distances				
They may be carried great distances and rise high above the ground . 	may be	They	rise high		above the ground		
Did you ever see workers sandblasting a building to clean it ? 	ever see	you	workers				sandblasting a building to clean it
Sand is blown onto the surface to scour away dirt and debris . 	is	Sand	blown onto the surface				to scour away dirt and debris
Wind-blown sand may carve rocks into interesting shapes . 	may carve	Wind-blown sand	rocks				into interesting shapes
You can see an example in Figure 10.22 . 	can see	You	an example		in Figure 10.22		
This often happens when the wind has to move over or around an obstacle . 	often happens	This		when the wind has to move over or around an obstacle			
A rock or tree may cause wind to slow down . 	may cause	A rock or tree	wind to slow down				
As the wind slows , it deposits the largest particles first . 	deposits	it	the largest particles first	As the wind slows			
The obstacle causes the wind to slow down . 	causes	The obstacle	the wind to slow down				
The wind then drops some of its sand . 	drops	The wind	some of its sand	then			
As more sand is deposited , the dune gets bigger . 	gets	the dune	bigger	As more sand is deposited			
The dune becomes the obstacle that slows the wind and causes it to drop its sand . 	becomes	The dune	the obstacle				that slows the wind
The dune becomes the obstacle that slows the wind and causes it to drop its sand . 	causes	The dune	it to drop its sand				
The hill takes on the typical shape of a sand dune , shown in Figure 10.24 . 	takes on	The hill	the typical shape of a sand dune				shown in Figure 10.24
Once a sand dune forms , it may slowly migrate over the land . 	may slowly migrate over	it	the land	Once a sand dune forms			
When the sand grains reach the top of the dune , they slip down the steeper side . 	slip down	they	he steeper side	When the sand grains reach the top of the dune			
The grains are pulled by gravity . 	are	The grains	pulled				by gravity
The constant movement of sand up and over the dune causes the dune to move along the ground . 	causes	The constant movement of sand	the dune to move along the ground				up and over the dune
When the wind drops fine particles of silt and clay , it forms deposits called loess . 	forms	it	deposits called loess	When the wind drops fine particles of silt and clay			
Its very important to control wind erosion of soil . 	s	It	very important				to control wind erosion of soil
Good soil is a precious resource that takes a long time to form . 	is	Good soil	a precious resource				that takes a long time to form
Covering soil with plants is one way to reduce wind erosion . 	is	Covering soil with plants	one way to reduce wind erosion				
Plants and their roots help hold the soil in place . 	help	Plants and their roots	hold the soil in place				
Planting rows of trees around fields is another way to reduce wind erosion . 	is	Planting rows of trees	another way to reduce wind erosion		around fields		
The fence in the figure is preventing erosion and migration of sand dunes on a beach . 	is	The fence	preventing erosion and migration of sand dunes		in the figure		
The fence in the figure is preventing erosion and migration of sand dunes on a beach . 	is	The fence	preventing erosion and migration of sand dunes		on a beach		
There are over 1 million species of plants and animals living on Earth today . 	are	There	over 1 million species of plants and animals living		on Earth		
There are over 1 million species of plants and animals living on Earth today . 	are	There	over 1 million species of plants and animals living	today			
Scientists think that there are millions more that have not yet been discovered . 	think	Scientists	that there are millions more that have not yet been discovered				
Each organism has the ability to survive in a specific environment . 	has	Each organism	the ability to survive		in a specific environment		
Dry desert environments are difficult to live in . 	are	Dry desert environments	difficult to live in				
When the droplet is heavy enough , it slides forward . 	slides	it		When the droplet is heavy enough			
Desert plants have special stems and leaves to conserve water . 	have	Desert plants	special stems and leaves				to conserve water
Animals have other ways to live in the desert . 	have	Animals	other ways to live		in the desert		
The Namib Desert receives only 1.5 inches of rainfall each year . 	receives	The Namib Desert	only 1.5 inches of rainfall	each year			
Hummingbirds have long , thin beaks that help them drink nectar from flowers . 	have	Hummingbirds	long , thin beaks				that help them drink nectar from flowers
Some flowers are tubular to fit hummingbird beaks . 	are	Some flowers	tubular				to fit hummingbird beaks
The battle between needing food and being food plays out in the drama between lions and zebras . 	plays out	The battle					between needing food and being food
The battle between needing food and being food plays out in the drama between lions and zebras . 	plays out	The battle					in the drama between lions and zebras
When a herd of zebras senses a lion , the animals run away . 	run away	the animals		When a herd of zebras senses a lion			
At some point , the variation probably came from a mutation . 	came from	the variation	a mutation	At some point			
If the trait from the mutation is beneficial , that organism may have a better chance to survive . 	may have	that organism	a better chance to survive			If the trait from the mutation is beneficial	
An organism that survives is likely to have offspring . 	is	An organism that survives	likely to have offspring				
If it does , it may pass the mutation on to its offspring . 	may pass	it	the mutation on to its offspring			If it does	
Eventually , the population of oak trees will change . 	will change	the population of oak trees		Eventually			
Most of the trees will have the trait to survive the fungus . 	will have	Most of the trees	the trait				to survive the fungus
Over time , traits that help an organism survive become more common . 	become	traits that help an organism survive	more common	Over time			
But if the environment is changing , the species will need to adapt . 	will need	the species	to adapt			But if the environment is changing	
In time , the species may change a lot . 	may change a lot	the species		In time			
The organisms that did survive passed traits on to their offspring . 	passed	The organisms that did survive	traits on to their offspring				
The changes added up , eventually producing the species we see today . 	added up	The changes					eventually producing the species we see today
We study fossils to see the organisms that lived at certain times . 	study	We	fossils				to see the organisms that lived at certain times
We can see how those organisms changed with time . 	can see	We	how those organisms changed with time				
The Phanerozoic Eon is divided into three eras the Paleozoic , the Mesozoic , and the Cenozoic -LRB- Table 12.1 -RRB- . 	is	The Phanerozoic Eon	divided into three eras the Paleozoic , the Mesozoic , and the Cenozoic				
They span from about 540 million years ago to the present . 	span	They		from about 540 million years ago to the present			
Earths climate changed numerous times during the Phanerozoic Eon . 	changed numerous times	Earths climate		during the Phanerozoic Eon			
Just before the beginning of the Phanerozoic Eon , much of the Earth was covered with glaciers . 	was	much of the Earth	covered with glaciers	Just before the beginning of the Phanerozoic Eon			
As the Phanerozoic Eon began , the climate became a warm and humid tropical climate . 	became	the climate	a warm and humid tropical climate	As the Phanerozoic Eon began			
Organisms with hard parts also make good fossils . 	also make	Organisms with hard parts	good fossils				
There was much more diversity , so complex ecosystems could develop -LRB- Figure 12.14 -RRB- . 	was	There	much more diversity				so complex ecosystems could develop
Fish evolved jaws and many other adaptations for ocean life . 	evolved	Fish	jaws and many other adaptations				for ocean life
Figure 12.13 shows some of the diversity of Earths oceans . 	shows	Figure 12.13	some of the diversity of Earths oceans				
An organism that lives in water is supported by the water . 	is	An organism that lives in water	supported by the water				
Insects and spiders were already land dwellers by the time amphibians appeared . 	were	Insects and spiders	land dwellers	by the time amphibians appeared			
It also does not need to be protected against drying out . 	does not	It	need to be protected against drying out				
Moving from the seas to land required many adaptations . 	required	Moving	many adaptations		from the seas to land		
Algae had covered moist land areas for millions of years . 	had covered	Algae	moist land areas	for millions of years			
By about 450 million years ago , plants began to appear on land . 	began	plants	to appear on land	By about 450 million years ago			
To move to land , animals needed strong skeletons . 	needed	animals	strong skeletons				To move to land
Plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs swam in the oceans -LRB- Figure 12.15 -RRB- . 	swam	Plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs			in the oceans		
Feathered dinosaurs gave rise to birds . 	gave rise to	Feathered dinosaurs	birds				
Earth was populated by an enormous diversity of reptiles . 	was	Earth	populated				by an enormous diversity of reptiles
Some dinosaurs developed protection , such as horns , spikes , tail clubs , and shielding plates . 	developed	Some dinosaurs	protection , such as horns , spikes , tail clubs , and shielding plates				
Most dinosaurs lived on land . 	lived	Most dinosaurs			on land		
Still , pterosaurs flew the skies . 	flew	pterosaurs	the skies				Still
The Cenozoic began with the extinction of every land creature larger than a dog . 	began	The Cenozoic					with the extinction of every land creature larger than a dog
Mammals have the ability to regulate body temperature . 	have	Mammals	the ability to regulate body temperature				
This is an advantage , as Earths climate went through sudden and dramatic changes . 	is	This	an advantage	as Earths climate went through sudden and dramatic changes			
The eras of the Phanerozoic Eon are separated by mass extinctions . 	are	The eras of the Phanerozoic Eon	separated				by mass extinctions
During these events , large numbers of organisms became extinct very rapidly . 	became	large numbers of organisms	extinct	During these events			
During these events , large numbers of organisms became extinct very rapidly . 	became	large numbers of organisms	extinct				very rapidly
At the end of the Permian , nearly 95 % of all marine species died off . 	died off	nearly 95 % of all marine species		At the end of the Permian			
In addition , 70 % of land species became extinct . 	became	70 % of land species	extinct				In addition
No one knows the cause of this extinction . 	knows	No one	the cause of this extinction				
Between the Mesozoic Era and the Cenozoic Era , about 50 % of all animal species died off . 	died off	about 50 % of all animal species		Between the Mesozoic Era and the Cenozoic Era			
The rain dissolved the shells of the tiny marine plankton that form the base of the food chain . 		dissolved	the shells of the tiny marine plankton that form the base of the food chain				
With little food being produced , animals starved . 	starved	animals					With little food being produced
This mass extinction is when the dinosaurs became extinct . 	is	This mass extinction	when the dinosaurs became extinct				
Air always flows from an area of higher pressure to an area of lower pressure . 	flows	Air			from an area of higher pressure to an area of lower pressure		
Air flowing over Earths surface is called wind . 	is	Air	called wind			flowing over Earths surface	
Air moves because of differences in heating . 	moves	Air					because of differences in heating
The light , rising air creates an area of low air pressure at the surface . 	creates	The light , rising air	an area of low air pressure		at the surface		
The rising air cools as it reaches the top of the troposphere . 	cools	The rising air		as it reaches the top of the troposphere			
The air gets denser , so it sinks to the surface . 	gets	The air	denser				so it sinks to the surface
Local winds are winds that blow over a limited area . 	are	Local winds	winds that blow over a limited area		over a limited area		
They are influenced by local geography . 	are	They	influenced by local geography				
Ocean water is slower to warm up and cool down than land . 	is	Ocean water	slower to warm up and cool down				than land
Cool air from over the water flows in to take its place . 	flows in	Cool air			from over the water		
Cool air from over the water flows in to take its place . 	flows in	Cool air					to take its place
Cool air from the land flows out to take its place . 	flows out	Cool air			from the land		
Cool air from the land flows out to take its place . 	flows out	Cool air					to take its place
The water stays warmer than the land during the night and the winter . 	stays	The water	warmer than the land	during the night and the winter			
These differences in heating cause local winds known as land and sea breezes . 	cause	These differences in heating	local winds known as land and sea breezes				
Land and sea breezes are illustrated in Figure 15.20 . 	are	Land and sea breezes	illustrated		in Figure 15.20		
In regions that experience monsoons , the seawater offshore is extremely warm . 	is	the seawater offshore	extremely warm		In regions that experience monsoons		
Summer monsoons bring heavy rains on land . 	bring	Summer monsoons	heavy rains		on land		
Monsoons occur in several places around the globe . 	occur in several places	Monsoons			around the globe		
The most important monsoon in the world is in southern Asia , as shown in Figure 15.21 . 	is	The most important monsoon	in southern Asia		as shown in Figure 15.21		
The most important monsoon in the world is in southern Asia , as shown in Figure 15.21 . 	is	The most important monsoon	in southern Asia		in the world		
These monsoons are important because they carry water to the many people who live there . 	are	These monsoons	important				because they carry water to the many people who live there
Global winds are winds that occur in belts that go all around the planet . 	are	Global winds	winds that occur in belts that go all around the planet				
Like local winds , global winds are caused by unequal heating of the atmosphere . 	are	global winds	caused				Like local winds
Like local winds , global winds are caused by unequal heating of the atmosphere . 	are	global winds	caused				by unequal heating of the atmosphere
The differences in heating create huge convection currents in the troposphere . 	create	The differences in heating	huge convection currents		in the troposphere		
At the equator , for example , warm air rises up to the tropopause . 	rises up to	warm air	the tropopause		At the equator		
At the equator , for example , warm air rises up to the tropopause . 	rises up to	warm air	the tropopause				for example
By the time the moving air reaches 30 N or S latitude , it has cooled . 	has cooled	it		By the time the moving air reaches 30 N or S latitude			
The cool air sinks to the surface . 	sinks to	The cool air	the surface				
Other global winds occur in much the same way . 	occur	Other global winds					in much the same way
Earth is spinning as air moves over its surface . 	is	Earth	spinning	as air moves over its surface			
Without Coriolis Effect the global winds would blow north to south or south to north . 	would blow	the global winds					Without Coriolis Effect
Without Coriolis Effect the global winds would blow north to south or south to north . 	would blow	the global winds			north to south or south to north		
But Coriolis makes them blow northeast to southwest or the reverse in the Northern Hemisphere . 	makes	Coriolis	them blow northeast to southwest or the reverse		in the Northern Hemisphere		
The winds blow northwest to southeast or the reverse in the southern hemisphere . 	blow	The winds			northwest to southeast or the reverse in the southern hemisphere		
The northern polar jet is shown in Figure 15.23 . 	is	The northern polar jet	shown		in Figure 15.23		
Figure 16.6 shows air masses that form over or near North America . 	shows	Figure 16.6	air masses that form over or near North America				
An air mass takes on the conditions of the area where it forms . 	takes on	An air mass	the conditions of the area where it forms				
When a new air mass goes over a region it brings its characteristics to the region . 	brings	it	its characteristics to the region	When a new air mass goes over a region			
The boundary between two air masses is called a front . 	is	The boundary between two air masses	called a front				
The differences in temperature and pressure cause clouds and precipitation . 	cause	The differences in temperature and pressure	clouds and precipitation				
This is shown in Figure 16.7 . 	is	This	shown		in Figure 16.7		
When a warm air mass runs into a cold air mass it creates a warm front . 	creates	it	a warm front	When a warm air mass runs into a cold air mass			
This is shown in Figure 16.8 . 	is	This	shown		in Figure 16.8		
The warm air mass is moving faster than the cold air mass , so it flows up over the cold air mass . 	is	The warm air mass	moving faster than the cold air mass				so it flows up over the cold air mass
After a warm front passes , the warm air mass behind it brings warmer temperatures . 	brings	the warm air mass behind it	warmer temperatures	After a warm front passes			
With an occluded front , a warm air mass becomes trapped between two cold air masses . 	becomes	a warm air mass	trapped	With an occluded front			
With an occluded front , a warm air mass becomes trapped between two cold air masses . 	becomes	a warm air mass	trapped		between two cold air masses		
The warm air is lifted up above the cold air as in Figure 16.9 . 	is	The warm air	lifted up		above the cold air		
The warm air is lifted up above the cold air as in Figure 16.9 . 	is	The warm air	lifted up		in Figure 16.9		
Sometimes two air masses stop moving when they meet . 	stop	two air masses	moving				Sometimes
Sometimes two air masses stop moving when they meet . 	stop	two air masses	moving	when they meet			
Cold air is dense , so it sinks . 	is	Cold air	dense				so it sinks
This creates a center of high pressure . 	creates	This	a center				of high pressure
Both are shown in Figure 16.10 . 	are	Both	shown		in Figure 16.10		
A cyclone is a system of winds that rotates around a center of low pressure . 	is	A cyclone	a system of winds				that rotates around a center of low pressure
Warm air is less dense so it rises . 	is	Warm air	less dense				so it rises
This creates a center of low pressure . 	creates	This	a center of low pressure				
A storm is an episode of severe weather caused by a major disturbance in the atmosphere . 	is	A storm	an episode of severe weather				caused by a major disturbance
A storm is an episode of severe weather caused by a major disturbance in the atmosphere . 	is	A storm	an episode of severe weather		in the atmosphere		
Storms can vary a lot in the time they last and in how severe they are . 	can vary a lot	Storms		in the time they last			
Storms can vary a lot in the time they last and in how severe they are . 	can vary a lot	Storms					in how severe they are
During a thunderstorm , some parts of a thunderhead become negatively charged . 	become	some parts of a thunderhead	negatively charged	During a thunderstorm			
Some of the damage from a hurricane is caused by storm surge . 	is	Some of the damage	caused				from a hurricane
Some of the damage from a hurricane is caused by storm surge . 	is	Some of the damage	caused				by storm surge
The very low pressure of the eye allows the water level to rise above normal sea level . 	allows	The very low pressure of the eye	the water level to rise		above normal sea level		
Storm surge can cause flooding when it reaches land . 	can cause	Storm surge	flooding	when it reaches land			
At the same time , warm moist air from the Gulf of Mexico flows north . 	flows	warm moist air	north	At the same time			
At the same time , warm moist air from the Gulf of Mexico flows north . 	flows	warm moist air	north		from the Gulf of Mexico		
When the two air masses meet , the differences in temperature and pressure cause strong winds and heavy precipitation . 	cause	the differences in temperature and pressure	strong winds and heavy precipitation	When the two air masses meet			
Two types of winter storms that occur in the U.S. are blizzards and lake-effect snow storms . 	are	Two types of winter storms	blizzards and lake-effect snow storms		in the U.S		
The wind may blow the snow into deep drifts . 	may blow	The wind	the snow into deep drifts				
Along with the poor visibility , the snow drifts make driving risky . 	make	the snow drifts	driving risky				Along with the poor visibility
Windchill is what the temperature feels like when the wind is taken into account . 	is	Windchill	what the temperature feels like	when the wind is taken into account			
Some places receive very heavy snowfall just about every winter . 	receive	Some places	very heavy snowfall	just about every winter			
So if a center of low pressure is moving your way , you can expect a storm . 	can expect	you	a storm			if a center of low pressure is moving your way	
One of the most important conditions is air pressure , which is measured with a barometer . 	is	One of the most important conditions	air pressure				which is measured with a barometer
Weather instruments collect data from all over the world at thousands of weather stations . 	collect	Weather instruments	data		from all over the world		
Weather instruments collect data from all over the world at thousands of weather stations . 	collect	Weather instruments	data				at thousands of weather stations
You can see what a weather station looks like in Figure 16.25 . 	can see	You	what a weather station looks like		in Figure 16.25		
Other weather devices are needed to collect weather data in the atmosphere . 	are	Other weather devices	needed to collect weather data		in the atmosphere		
Weather stations contain many instruments for measuring weather conditions . 	contain	Weather stations	many instruments				for measuring weather conditions
A weather map shows weather conditions for a certain area . 	shows	A weather map	weather conditions		for a certain area		
The map may show the actual weather on a given day or it may show the predicted weather for some time in the future . 	may show	The map	the actual weather	on a given day			
The map may show the actual weather on a given day or it may show the predicted weather for some time in the future . 	may show	it	the predicted weather	for some time in the future			
Air pressure is measured in a unit called the millibar . 	is	Air pressure	measured		in a unit called the millibar		
Isobars are the lines that connect the points with the same air pressure . 	are	Isobars	the lines that connect the points with the same air pressure				
Instead of air pressure , weather maps may show other weather conditions . 	may show	weather maps	other weather conditions				Instead of air pressure
The map may have isotherms , lines that connect places with the same temperature . 	may have	The map	isotherms , lines that connect places with the same temperature				
Much of the area is covered with ice and snow , which reflect a lot of sunlight . 	is	Much of the area	covered with ice and snow				which reflect a lot of sunlight
Figure 17.4 shows the direction that these winds blow . 	shows	Figure 17.	the direction				that these winds blow
Global winds are the prevailing , or usual , winds at a given latitude . 	are	Global winds	the prevailing , or usual , winds		at a given latitude		
They help cows digest tough plant fibers made of cellulose . 	help	They	cows				made of cellulose
Dinosaurs that evolved wings are the ancestors of birds .	are	Dinosaurs	the ancestors of birds			evolved wings	
Modern species actually look very similar to their Cretaceous ancestors of 84 million years ago . 	look very similar to	Modern species	their Cretaceous ancestors	of 84 million years ago			
Crocodilians are known to swallow stones , known as gastroliths , which help digest their prey . 	are known to swallow	Crocodilians	stones				which help digest their prey
It can digest mostly everything from their prey , including bones , feathers , and horns ! 	can digest	It	everything from their prey				mostly
Crocodiles and gharials -LRB- large crocodilians with longer jaws -RRB- have salivary glands on their tongue , which are used to remove salt from their bodies .	have	Crocodiles and gharials	salivary glands on their tongue				which are used to remove salt from their bodies
Crocodilians are often seen lying with their mouths open , a behavior called gaping . 	are often seen	Crocodilians	lying				with their mouths open
The eardrums are located behind the eyes and are covered by a movable flap of skin . 	are located behind	The eardrums	the eyes				
The eardrums are located behind the eyes and are covered by a movable flap of skin . 	are covered by	The eardrums	a movable flap of skin				
This flap closes , along with the nostrils and eyes , when they dive .	closes	This flap		when they dive			
Crocodiles can detect vibrations and small pressure changes in water . 	can detect	Crocodiles	vibrations and small pressure changes		in water		
Amphibians are a group of vertebrates that has adapted to live in both water and on land .	are	Amphibians	a group of vertebrates				that has adapted to live in both water and on land
Amphibian larvae are born and live in water , and they breathe using gills . 	are born and live in	Amphibian larvae	water				
Amphibian larvae are born and live in water , and they breathe using gills . 	breathe	Amphibian larvae					using gills
They have many different body types , physiologies , and habitats , ranging from tropical to subarctic regions . 	have	They	many different body types , physiologies , and habitats		from tropical to subarctic regions		
In order to live on land , amphibians replaced gills with another respiratory organ , the lungs . 	replaced	amphibians	gills				In order to live on land
Larval stage : When the egg hatches , the organism is legless , lives in water , and breathes with gills , resembling their evolutionary ancestors . 	is	the organism	legless	When the egg hatches			
Larval stage : When the egg hatches , the organism is legless , lives in water , and breathes with gills , resembling their evolutionary ancestors . 	lives in	the organism	water	When the egg hatches			
Larval stage : When the egg hatches , the organism is legless , lives in water , and breathes with gills , resembling their evolutionary ancestors . 	breathes with	the organism	gills	When the egg hatches			
During the larval stage , the amphibian slowly transforms into an adult by losing its gills and growing four legs . 	transforms into	the amphibian	an adult	During the larval stage			
Egg Stage : Amphibian eggs are fertilized in a number of ways . 	are fertilized in	Amphibian eggs	a number of ways	Egg Stage			
The male releases sperm over the females eggs as they are laid . 	releases	The male	sperm	over the females eggs as they are laid			
The female then pulls it into her cloaca , a single opening for her internal organ systems .	pulls it into	The female	her cloaca				for her internal organ systems
Angiosperms evolved the structure of the flower , so they are also called the flowering plants . 	evolved	Angiosperms	the structure of the flower				
Angiosperms evolved the structure of the flower , so they are also called the flowering plants . 	are also called	Angiosperms	the flowering plants				
The pollen , which is found at the top of the stamen , is the male gametophyte . 	is	The pollen	the male gametophyte				which is found at the top of the stamen
The ovary holds the ovules , the female gametophytes . 	holds	The ovary	the ovules				
When the ovules are fertilized , the ovule becomes the seed and the ovary becomes the fruit .	becomes	the ovule	the seed	When the ovules are fertilized			
When the ovules are fertilized , the ovule becomes the seed and the ovary becomes the fruit .	becomes	the ovary	the fruit	When the ovules are fertilized			
The green outside of a flower that often looks like a leaf is called the sepal . 	is called	The green outside of a flower	the sepal				often looks like a leaf
Pollen travels from flower to flower by wind or by animals . 	travels from	Pollen	flower to flower				by wind or by animals
Birds and wasps build nests to have a safe place to store their eggs and raise their young . 	build	Birds and wasps	nests				to have a safe place to store their eggs and raise their young
Rabbits run away from foxes and other predators to stay alive . 	run away from	Rabbits	foxes and other predators				to stay alive
Lizards sun themselves on rocks to get warm because they can not produce their own body heat . 	sun	Lizards	themselves		on rocks		
Lizards sun themselves on rocks to get warm because they can not produce their own body heat . 	sun	Lizards	themselves				to get warm
Animals with higher fitness have a better chance of passing their genes on to the next generation .	have	Animals	a better chance				with higher fitness
Baby animals also need energy to grow and develop . 	need	Baby animals	energy				to grow and develop
In order for animals to live together in groups , they must be able to communicate with each other . 	must be able to communicate with	they	each other				In order for animals to live together in groups
Frogs croak to attract female frogs as mates . 	croak	Frogs					to attract female frogs as mates
Gibbons use calls to tell other gibbons to stay away from their area .	use	Gibbons	calls				to tell other gibbons to stay away from their area
The most important way in which humans communicate is with language . 	is	The most important way in which humans communicate	with language				
Animal-like protists are very small , measuring only about 0.010.5 mm . 	are	Animal-like protists	very small				measuring only about 0.010.5 mm
The ciliates are protists that move by using cilia . 	are	The ciliates	protists				by using cilia
To adapt to living on land , arachnids have internal breathing systems , like a trachea or a book lung . 	have	arachnids	internal breathing systems				To adapt to living on land
Arachnids are mostly carnivorous , feeding on the pre-digested bodies of insects and other small animals . 	are	Arachnids	carnivorous				mostly
They release the venom from specialized glands to kill prey or enemies . 	release	They	the venom				to kill prey or enemies
Then they either crush it or inject it with a fast-acting venom , which is used to kill or paralyze the prey . 	crush	they	it				with a fast-acting venom
Then they either crush it or inject it with a fast-acting venom , which is used to kill or paralyze the prey . 	inject	they	it				with a fast-acting venom
Unlike the majority of arachnids , scorpions produce live young . 	produce	scorpions	live young				Unlike the majority of arachnids
Nearly all spiders inject venom to protect themselves or to kill prey .	inject	Nearly all spiders	venom				to protect themselves or to kill prey
Arthropods belong to the phylum Arthropoda , which means jointed feet , and includes four living subphyla . 	belong to	Arthropods	the phylum Arthropoda				which means jointed feet , and includes four living subphyla
These animals dominate the ocean , and usually have a set of anterior appendages that are modified as mandibles , which function in grasping , biting , and chewing food . 	dominate	These animals	the ocean				
These animals dominate the ocean , and usually have a set of anterior appendages that are modified as mandibles , which function in grasping , biting , and chewing food . 	have	These animals	a set of anterior appendages				that are modified as mandibles
In order to grow , arthropods shed this outer covering in a process called molting . 	shed	arthropods	this outer covering	in a process called molting			
In order to grow , arthropods shed this outer covering in a process called molting . 	shed	arthropods	this outer covering				In order to grow
These gills have a large surface area in contact with the water , so they can absorb more oxygen . 	have	These gills	a large surface area		in contact with the water		
Land-living arthropods have internal surfaces that help exchange gasses . 	have	Land-living arthropods	internal surfaces				help exchange gasses
A hard exoskeleton made of chitin , which gives them physical protection and resistance to drying out . 	made of	A hard exoskeleton	chitin				which gives them physical protection and resistance to drying out
Applied science also creates new technologies based on basic science . 	creates	Applied science	new technologies				based on basic science
Windmills capturing energy , an example of applied science . 	capturing	Windmills	energy				
Energy must constantly flow through an ecosystem for the system to remain stable . 	flow through	Energy	an ecosystem				to remain stable
In an ocean ecosystem , one possible food chain might look like this : phytoplankton krill fish shark . 	look like	food chain	this		In an ocean ecosystem		
When these consumers eat other organisms , they use the glucose in those organisms for energy . 	use	they	the glucose	When these consumers eat other organisms			
A complete food web may show hundreds of different feeding relationships . 	show	A complete food web	feeding relationships				may
Most male birds also sing a type of song to attract females . 	sing	male birds	song				to attract females
Birds reproduce by internal fertilization , during which the egg is fertilized inside the female . 	reproduce by	Birds	internal fertilization	during which the egg is fertilized inside the female			
Most species locate their nests in areas that are hidden , in order to avoid predators . 	locate	Most species	their nests		in areas that are hidden		
Most species locate their nests in areas that are hidden , in order to avoid predators . 	locate	Most species	their nests				in order to avoid predators
Large birds , or those that nest in groups , may build nests in the open , since they are more capable of defending their young . 	build	Large birds , or those that nest in groups	nests		in the open		
Large birds , or those that nest in groups , may build nests in the open , since they are more capable of defending their young . 	build	Large birds , or those that nest in groups	nests				since they are more capable of defending their young
To protect their young , different species of birds make different nests . 	make	different species of birds	different nests				To protect their young
Often both parents share tasks such as defense of territory and nest site , incubation , and the feeding of chicks . 	share	parents	tasks				Often
Since birds often take great care of their young , some birds have evolved a behavior called brood parasitism . 	have evolved	some birds	a behavior				Since birds often take great care of their young
The length and type of parental care varies widely amongst different species of birds . 	varies	The length and type of parental care					amongst different species of birds
With approxi - mately 10,000 living species , birds are the most numerous vertebrates with four limbs . 	are	birds	the most numerous vertebrates				with four limbs
In some birds , the wings have evolved into other structures . 	have evolved into	the wings	other structures				In some birds
The digestive system of birds is unique , with a gizzard that contains swallowed stones for grinding food . 	is	The digestive system of birds	unique				with a gizzard that contains swallowed stones for grinding food
The surface of the aerofoil is curved to help the bird control and use the air currents to fly .	is	The surface of the aerofoil	curved				to help the bird control and use the air currents to fly
Since blood pressure is primarily caused by the beating of your heart , the walls of the arteries move in a rhythmic fashion . 	move	the walls of the arteries					Since blood pressure is primarily caused by the beating of your heart
The pressure of the circulating blood slowly decreases as blood moves from the arteries and into the smaller blood vessels . 	decreases	The pressure of the circulating blood					as blood moves from the arteries and into the smaller blood vessels
Having hypertension increases a persons chance for developing heart disease , having a stroke , or suffering from other serious cardiovascular diseases . 	increases	Having hypertension	a persons chance				for developing heart disease , having a stroke , or suffering from other serious cardiovascular diseases
Hypertension often does not have any symptoms , so a person may not know that he or she has high blood pressure . 	does not have	Hypertension	any symptoms				often
Low blood pressure is not usually a concern , as long as there are no problems associated with the low pressure . 	is not	Low blood pressure	a concern				usually
Low blood pressure is not usually a concern , as long as there are no problems associated with the low pressure . 	is not	Low blood pressure	a concern			as long as there are no problems associated with the low pressure	
Symptoms associated with low blood pressure include dizziness or lightheadedness , fainting , dehydration and unusual thirst , lack of concentration , blurred vision , nausea , and fatigue . 	include	Symptoms	dizziness or lightheadedness , fainting , dehydration and unusual thirst , lack of concentration , blurred vision , nausea , and fatigue				associated with low blood pressure
These measures of blood pressure can change with each heartbeat and over the course of the day . 	can change with	These measures of blood pressure	each heartbeat				
Centipedes and millipedes belong to the subphylum Myriapoda , which contains 13,000 species . 	belong to	Centipedes and millipedes	the subphylum Myriapoda				which contains 13,000 species
Myriapoda are mostly found in moist forests , where they help to break down decaying plant material . 	are mostly found in	Myriapoda	moist forests		where they help to break down decaying plant material		
Centipedes have one pair of legs per body segment , with the first pair of legs behind the head modified into a pair of fangs containing a poison gland . 	have	Centipedes	one pair of legs				per body segment
Many centipedes also guard their eggs and young by curling around them . 	guard	Many centipedes	their eggs and young				by curling around them
It recommends the amount of nutrients you need based on your age , your gender , and your level of activity . 	recommends	It	the amount of nutrients				based on your age , your gender , and your level of activity
Such foods contain very few nutrients and are called nutrient-poor . 	contain	Such foods	nutrients				very few
Such foods contain very few nutrients and are called nutrient-poor . 	are called	Such foods	nutrient-poor				
In June 2011 , the United States Department of Agriculture replaced My Pyramid with MyPlate . 	replaced	the United States Department of Agriculture	My Pyramid	In June 2011			
In June 2011 , the United States Department of Agriculture replaced My Pyramid with MyPlate . 	replaced	the United States Department of Agriculture	My Pyramid				with MyPlate
MyPlate is a visual guideline for balanced eating , replacing MyPyramid in 2011 .	is	MyPlate	a visual guideline				for balanced eating
MyPlate is a visual guideline for balanced eating , replacing MyPyramid in 2011 .	is	MyPlate	a visual guideline	in 2011			
In the United States and other nations , packaged foods are required by law to have nutrition facts labels . 	are required by	packaged foods	law		In the United States and other nations		
In the United States and other nations , packaged foods are required by law to have nutrition facts labels . 	are required by	packaged foods	law				to have nutrition facts labels
Unlike the sponges which evolved prior to cnidarians , the cnidarians are made up of true tissues . 	are made up of	the cnidarians	true tissues				Unlike the sponges which evolved prior to cnidarians
Their skeletons are made up of calcium carbonate , which is also known as limestone . 	are made up of	Their skeletons	calcium carbonate				which is also known as limestone
Over long periods of time , their skeletons build on each other to produce large structures known as coral reefs . 	build on	their skeletons	each other	Over long periods of time			
Over long periods of time , their skeletons build on each other to produce large structures known as coral reefs . 	build on	their skeletons	each other				to produce large structures known as coral reefs
Since any two species have different traits , one species will be able to out-compete the other . 	will be able to out-compete	one species	the other				Since any two species have different traits
If prey is limited , then lions may catch more prey than cheetahs . 	catch	lions	more prey			If prey is limited	
Looking at different types of competition , ecologists developed the competitive exclusion principle . 	developed	ecologists	the competitive exclusion principle				Looking at different types of competition
Therefore , competition for resources within and between species plays an important role in evolution through natural selection . 	plays	competition	an important role				in evolution through natural selection
One may out-compete the other by growing taller to get more available light . 	out-compete	One	the other				by growing taller to get more available light
Herbivores are animals that eat producers to get energy . 	are	Herbivores	animals				eat producers
Snakes that eat mice are carnivores . 	are	Snakes	carnivores				eat mice
The consumers can be placed into different groups , depending on what they consume . 	can be placed into	The consumers	different groups				depending on what they consume
Blood is pumped by a heart located near the back . 	is pumped by	Blood	a heart		near the back		
In some crustaceans , the females keep the eggs until they hatch into free-swimming larvae . 	keep	the females	the eggs				In some crustaceans
In some crustaceans , the females keep the eggs until they hatch into free-swimming larvae . 	keep	the females	the eggs				until they hatch into free-swimming larvae
For example , animals may migrate when the days get shorter in the fall . 	migrate	animals		when the days get shorter in the fall			
In the Northern Hemisphere , many species of birds , including robins and geese , travel south for the winter . 	travel	many species of birds	south		In the Northern Hemisphere		
In the Northern Hemisphere , many species of birds , including robins and geese , travel south for the winter . 	travel	many species of birds	south				for the winter
They migrate to areas where it is warmer and where there is more food . 	migrate to	They	areas		where it is warmer and where there is more food		
An animal uses less energy than usual during hibernation . 	uses	An animal	less energy	during hibernation			
Birds and other migrating animals follow the same routes each year . 	follow	Birds and other migrating animals	the same routes	each year			
Some animals follow landmarks , such as rivers or coastlines . 	follow	Some animals	landmarks				such as rivers or coastlines
For example , most animals go to sleep when the sun sets and wake up when the sun rises . 	go	most animals	to sleep	when the sun sets			
For example , most animals go to sleep when the sun sets and wake up when the sun rises . 	wake up	most animals		when the sun rises			
Most people start to get sleepy after dark and have a hard time sleeping when it is light outside . 	start to get	Most people	sleepy	after dark			
Most people start to get sleepy after dark and have a hard time sleeping when it is light outside . 	have	Most people	a hard time sleeping	when it is light outside			
In many species , including humans , circadian rhythms are controlled by a tiny structure called the biological clock . 	are controlled by	circadian rhythms	a tiny structure				In many species , including humans
Scientists learned their mi - gration route by attaching tiny tracking devices to the birds . 	learned	Scientists	their mi - gration route				by attaching tiny tracking devices to the birds
Animals that are active during the daytime are called diurnal . 	are called	Animals that are active	diurnal	during the daytime			
Animals may eat and drink at certain times of day as well . 	eat and drink	Animals		at certain times of day			
Waterfowl are birds that live on the water . 	are	Waterfowl	birds				live on the water
Penguins are a group of flightless birds adapted for life in the water with flippers . 	are	Penguins	a group of flightless birds		in the water		
The size and shape of the beak is related to the food the bird eats and can vary greatly among different birds . 	is related to	The size and shape of the beak	the food				among different birds
Bird feet can also vary greatly among different birds . 	can also vary	Bird feet					among different birds
The biotic factors of an ecosystem include all the populations in a habitat , such as all the species of plants , animals , and fungi , as well as all the micro-organisms . 	include	The biotic factors of an ecosystem	all the populations		in a habitat		
The life sciences are so complex that most scientists focus on just one or two subspecialties . 	are	The life sciences	so complex				
If you want to study the tiny things that give us the flu , then you need to enter the field of virology , the study of viruses . 	need to enter	you	the field of virology			If you want to study the tiny things that give us the flu	
Frogs are more likely to live in or near water than toads . 	are more likely to live in or near	Frogs	water				than toads
Adult frogs are characterized by long hind legs , a short body , webbed finger-like parts , and the lack of a tail . 	are characterized by	Adult frogs	long hind legs , a short body , webbed finger-like parts , and the lack of a tail				
Frogs also have a tympanum , which acts like a simple ear . 	have	Frogs	a tympanum				which acts like a simple ear
Most frogs live part of the time in water and part of the time on land . 	live	Most frogs	in water	part of the time			
Most frogs live part of the time in water and part of the time on land . 	live	Most frogs	on land	part of the time			
They move easily on land by jumping or climbing . 	move easily on	They	land				by jumping or climbing
Frogs typically lay their eggs in puddles , ponds , or lakes . 	lay	Frogs	their eggs		in puddles , ponds , or lakes		
Frog calls can occur during the day or night . 	can occur	Frog calls		during the day or night			
Each frog species has a different call that is used to attract mates and warn off rivals . 	has	Each frog species	a different call				to attract mates and warn off rivals
The male then fertilizes the eggs and , in some species , also guards them . 	fertilizes	The male	the eggs				
The male then fertilizes the eggs and , in some species , also guards them . 	guards	The male	the eggs				in some species
Some frogs have teeth on the upper jaw that are used to hold the prey in place . 	have	Some frogs	teeth				to hold the prey in place
You can easily see bread mold and mushrooms without a microscope , but most fungi you can not see . 	can easily see	You	bread mold and mushrooms				without a microscope
Plants are autotrophs , meaning that they make their own `` food '' using the energy from sunlight . 	are	Plants	autotrophs				using the energy from sunlight
Fungi are heterotrophs , which means that they obtain their `` food '' from outside of themselves . 	are	Fungi	heterotrophs				from outside
Fungi can grow fast because they are such good eaters . 	can grow	Fungi	fast				because they are such good eaters
Plants and fungi live in the same kinds of habitats , such as growing in soil . 	live in	Plants and fungi	the same kinds of habitats		in soil		
Fungi can not make their own food like plants can , since they do not have chloroplasts and can not carry out photosynthesis . 	can not make	Fungi	their own food				since they do not have chloroplasts and can not carry out photosynthesis
Fungi are more like animals because they are heterotrophs , as opposed to autotrophs , like plants , that make their own food . 	are more like	Fungi	animals				because they are heterotrophs
Fungi have to obtain their food , nutrients and glucose , from outside sources . 	have to obtain	Fungi	their food , nutrients and glucose				from outside sources
The cell walls in many species of fungi contain chitin . 	contain	The cell walls	chitin				in many species of fungi
The cell wall of a plant is made of cellulose , not chitin . 	is made of	The cell wall	cellulose				of a plant
Unlike many plants , most fungi do not have structures , such as xylem and phloem , that transfer water and nutrients . 	do not have	most fungi	structures				Unlike many plants
Through asexual reproduction , new organisms are produced that are genetically identical to the parent . 	are produced	new organisms	that are genetically identical to the parent				Through asexual reproduction
Outside conditions , such as the availability of food , determine when a fungus undergoes asexual reproduction . 	determine	Outside conditions	when a fungus undergoes asexual reproduction				
Fungi reproduce asexually through three methods .	reproduce	Fungi					through three methods
This is the powdery substance released by puffballs . 	is	This	the powdery substance				released by puffballs
In fungi , however , two haploid hyphae meet together and their nuclei fuse . 	meet	two haploid hyphae					In fungi
No - tice , when the sporangia burst , the spores are released from the fruiting body . 	are released from	the spores	the fruiting body	when the sporangia burst			
Gymnosperms have seeds , but they do not produce fruit . 	have	Gymnosperms	seeds				
Gymnosperms have seeds , but they do not produce fruit . 	do not produce	Gymnosperms	fruit				
They have large , finely-divided leaves and grow as short shrubs and trees in tropical regions . 	have	They	arge , finely-divided leaves		in tropical regions		
They have large , finely-divided leaves and grow as short shrubs and trees in tropical regions . 	grow as	They	short shrubs and trees		in tropical regions		
Cycads bear their pollen and seeds in cones on separate plants . 	bear	Cycads	their pollen and seeds				on separate plants
The ginkgo tree is also a popular landscape tree today in American cities because it can live in polluted areas better than most plants . 	is	The ginkgo tree	a popular landscape tree		in American cities		
Ephedra is an important member of this group , since this desert shrub produces the ephedrine used to treat asthma and other conditions . 	is	Ephedra	an important member				since this desert shrub produces the ephedrine used to treat asthma and other conditions
Welwitschia produces extremely long leaves and is found in the deserts of southwestern Africa . 	produces	Welwitschia	long leaves				
Welwitschia produces extremely long leaves and is found in the deserts of southwestern Africa . 	is found in	Welwitschia	the deserts		of southwestern Africa		
For example , kudzu , a Japanese vine , was planted in the southeastern United States in the 1870s to help control soil loss . 	was planted in	kudzu	the southeastern United States	in the 1870s			
For example , kudzu , a Japanese vine , was planted in the southeastern United States in the 1870s to help control soil loss . 	was planted in	kudzu	the southeastern United States				to help control soil loss
If bad enough , it can also cause species to go extinct . 	can also cause	it	species			If bad enough	
Within the past 100 years , the amount of total land used for agriculture has almost doubled . 	has almost doubled	the amount of total land used for agriculture		Within the past 100 years			
Other habitats that are being rapidly destroyed are forests , especially tropical rainforests . 	are	Other habitats	forests				are being rapidly destroyed
At current rates of deforestation , all tropical forests will be gone by the year 2090 . 	will be	all tropical forests	gone	by the year 2090			
By the 1980s , over 80 % of all wetlands in parts of the U.S. were destroyed . 	were destroyed	over 80 % of all wetlands		By the 1980s			
Also , some coral reef formations in the Indian Ocean are completely lost . 	are completely lost	some coral reef formations			in the Indian Ocean		
In Europe , many wetland species have gone extinct . 	have gone extinct	many wetland species			In Europe		
For example , many bogs in Scotland have been lost because of human development . 	have been lost	many bogs			in Scotland		
From 1970 to 2000 , slash-and-burn agriculture destroyed about 10 % of the countrys total native plants . 	destroyed	slash-and-burn agriculture	about 10 % of the countrys total native plants	From 1970 to 2000			
Mushrooms are fungi that are eaten by people all over the globe . 	are	Mushrooms	fungi				are eaten by people all over the globe
Molds used in cheese production are safe for humans to eat . 	are	Molds used in cheese production	safe				for humans to eat
Some mushrooms you can eat when they are cooked but are poisonous when raw . 	are	Some mushrooms	poisonous	when raw			
Human beings and other primates depend on vision more than many other animals . 	depend on	Human beings and other primates	vision				more than many other animals
A golden eagle for example can see a rabbit from a mile away . 	can see	A golden eagle	a rabbit				from a mile away
In school , they use their eyes to read the board , their textbooks , and the expressions on their friends faces . 	use	they	their eyes		In school		
In school , they use their eyes to read the board , their textbooks , and the expressions on their friends faces . 	use	they	their eyes				to read the board , their textbooks , and the expressions on their friends faces
After school , they might keep their eye on the ball while playing basketball . 	keep	they	their eye	while playing basketball			
We are able to see in three dimensions because we have two eyes facing the same direction but a few inches apart . 	are able to see in	We	three dimensions				because we have two eyes facing the same direction but a few inches apart
You can get an idea of how many other animals see the world by looking at a black-and-white picture of colorful objects . 	can get	You	an idea				by looking at a black-and-white picture of colorful objects
But whereas many animals can not see colors , some animals see colors that we can not . 	see	some animals	colors				we can not
Humans with color vision see the apple on this tree ;	see	Humans with color vision	the apple		on this tree		
Some see colors that we can not see . 	see	Some	colors				we can not see
Millions of years ago , primate ancestors lived in trees . 	lived in	primate ancestors	trees	Millions of years ago			
Humans may have been eating cooked food for a million years or more , so perhaps our teeth adapted to eating cooked food . 	have been eating	Humans	cooked food	for a million years or more			
The gorilla is the largest of the hominids , weighing up to 309-397 lbs . 	is	The gorilla	the largest of the hominids				weighing up to 309-397 lbs
In some cases , hands are used as tools , such as when gorillas use sticks to measure the depth of water . 	are used as	hands	tools				In some cases
Nearly 10,000,000 tons of arthropods as food were produced in 2005 . 	were produced	Nearly 10,000,000 tons of arthropods		in 2005			
Three-fourths of the worlds flowering plants and about 35 % of the worlds food crops depend on animal pollinators to reproduce and increase crop yields . 	depend on	Three-fourths of the worlds flowering plants and about 35 % of the worlds food crops	animal pollinators				to reproduce and increase crop yields
More than 3,500 species of native bees pollinate crops . 	pollinate	native bees	crops				More than 3,500 species
Over 70 % by weight of all crustaceans caught for consumption are shrimp and prawns . 	are	Over 70 % by weight	shrimp and prawns				of all crustaceans caught for consumption
Arthropods are also invaluable to humans , as they are used in many different human-made products . 	are also invaluable to	Arthropods	humans				as they are used in many different human-made products
Because of its biodiversity , the rainforest shown above is an ecosystem with extreme importance . 	is	the rainforest shown above	an ecosystem				Because of its biodiversity
But only a small amount of species with the ability to give us medicines have been explored . 	have been explored	a small amount of species					with the ability to give us medicines
Chickens were domesticated in Asia at least 3,000 years ago . 	were domesticated in	Chickens	Asia	at least 3,000 years ago			
Since then , farmers have developed other poultry , including ducks , geese , guineafowl , pheasants , and turkeys . 	have developed	farmers	other poultry	Since then			
Today , chickens rank as the most widely raised poultry by far . 	rank as	chickens	the most widely raised poultry	by far			
Farmers throughout the world produce hundreds of millions of chickens annually for meat and eggs . 	produce	Farmers	hundreds of millions of chickens	annually			
In agriculture , humans harvest bird droppings for use as fertilizer . 	harvest	humans	bird droppings				In agriculture
Sometimes , people act cooperatively with birds . 	act cooperatively with	people	birds	Sometimes			
A group of birds gliding through the air can easily eat hundreds of insects each day . 	can easily eat	A group of birds gliding through the air	hundreds of insects	each day			
Many fruit-eating birds help disperse seeds . 	help disperse	birds	seeds				Many fruit-eating
In New Zealand , the kereru and kokako are important browsers , or animals that eat or nibble on leaves , tender young shoots , or other vegetation . 	are	the kereru and kokako	important browsers		In New Zealand		
Recently , some marine ecosystems have been overrun by seaweed . 	have been overrun by	some marine ecosystems	seaweed	Recently			
In some countries , echinoderms are considered delicacies . 	are considered	echinoderms	delicacies		In some countries		
Sea cucumbers are considered a delicacy in some southeastern Asian countries . 	are considered	Sea cucumbers	a delicacy		in some southeastern Asian countries		
Insects can be found in every environment on Earth . 	can be found in	Insects	every environment		on Earth		
Honeybees have been raised by humans for thousands of years for honey . 	have been raised by	Honeybees	humans	for thousands of years			
In some parts of the world , insects are used for food by humans . 	are used for	insects	food		In some parts of the world		
It is possible that food webs could collapse if insect populations decline . 	could collapse	food webs				if insect populations decline	
Insects are a rich source of protein , vitamins , and minerals , and are prized as delicacies in many third-world countries . 	are	Insects	a rich source of protein , vitamins , and minerals				
Insects are a rich source of protein , vitamins , and minerals , and are prized as delicacies in many third-world countries . 	are prized as	Insects	delicacies		in many third-world countries		
From South America to Japan , people eat roasted insects , like grasshoppers or beetles . 	eat	people	roasted insects		From South America to Japan		
In the past , fly larvae -LRB- maggots -RRB- were used to treat wounds to prevent or stop gangrene . 	were used to treat	fly larvae -LRB- maggots	wounds	In the past			
In the past , fly larvae -LRB- maggots -RRB- were used to treat wounds to prevent or stop gangrene . 	were used to treat	fly larvae -LRB- maggots	wounds				to prevent or stop gangrene
When the animal visits another flower to eat the nectar , the pollen is transferred to that flower . 	is transferred to	the pollen	that flower	When the animal visits another flower to eat the nectar			
In North America , mythological descriptions of the cougar have appeared in the stories of several American Indian tribes . 	have appeared in	mythological descriptions of the cougar	the stories of several American Indian tribes		In North America		
Additional Lassie movies were made as recently as 2005 . 	were made	Additional Lassie movies		as recently as 2005			
Between 1954 and 1973 , the Lassie television series aired , with plenty of additional productions as recently as 2007 . 	aired	the Lassie television series		Between 1954 and 1973			
Flipper was a bottle nose dolphin that starred in a television series between 1964 and 1967 . 	was	Flipper	a bottle nose dolphin	between 1964 and 1967			
France alone consumes 5 million pounds of escargot every year . 	consumes	France	5 million pounds of escargot	every year			
Eating shellfish during a red tide can cause serious illness and even death to humans . 	can cause	Eating shellfish	serious illness and even death	during a red tide			
Natural pearls have been highly valued as gemstones and objects of beauty for many centuries . 	have been highly valued as	Natural pearls	gemstones and objects of beauty	for many centuries			
Humans could not live on Earth if it were not for protists . 	could not live on	Humans	Earth			if it were not for protists	
Other snake meat is consumed throughout the world . 	is consumed	Other snake meat			throughout the world		
Turtle soup is consumed throughout the world . 	is consumed	Turtle soup			throughout the world		
In the Western world , some snakes , especially less aggressive species , like the ball python or corn snake , are kept as pets . 	are kept as	some snakes	pets		In the Western world		
In Egyptian history , the Nile cobra is found on the crown of the pharaoh . 	is found on	the Nile cobra	the crown of the pharaoh	In Egyptian history			
Reptiles have also played roles in more recent popular culture . 	have also played	Reptiles	roles				in more recent popular culture
Without these plants evolving millions of years ago , life as we know it would be very different . 	would be	life as we know	very different		Without these plants evolving millions of years ago		
Depending on the location , ferns have several different uses worldwide . 	have	ferns	several different uses worldwide				Depending on the location
In tropical regions , the fern is used as a food source by many locals . 	is used as	the fern	a food source		In tropical regions		
In tropical regions , the fern is used as a food source by many locals . 	is used as	the fern	a food source				by many locals
If an egg rolls out of the nest , a mother goose uses her bill to push it back into the nest . 	uses	a mother goose	her bill			If an egg rolls out of the nest	
Before her chicks hatch , the mother protects the eggs . 	protects	the mother	the eggs	Before her chicks hatch			
She will use her bill to push eggs back into the nest if they roll out . 	will use	She	her bill				to push eggs back into the nest
She will use her bill to push eggs back into the nest if they roll out . 	will use	She	her bill			if they roll out	
A locust eats its own weight in plants every day . 	eats	A locust	its own weight	every day			
Once these insects become adults , they lay eggs , and then die . 	lay	they	eggs			Once these insects become adults	
Most insects can reproduce very quickly within a short period of time . 	can reproduce	Most insects		within a short period of time			
With a few exceptions , all insect life begins as an egg . 	begins as	all insect life	an egg				With a few exceptions
Only those insects which live in nests or colonies can home .	can home	those insects			which live in nests or colonies		
For example , the monarch butterfly flies between Mexico and North America each spring and fall . 	flies between	the monarch butterfly	Mexico and North America	each spring and fall			
Starting when Koko was just one year old , Dr. Patterson taught her to use sign language . 	taught	Dr. Patterson	her	Starting when Koko was just one year old			
Learned behavior can be changed if conditions change . 	can be changed	Learned behavior				if conditions change	
Assume that you moved to a new house in a different place , so you had to take a different route to school . 	had to take	you	a different route to school			Assume that you moved to a new house in a different place	
Without habituation , animals might waste time and energy trying to escape from things that are not really dangerous . 	might waste	animals	time and energy				Without habituation
When you were a young child , you may have learned how to tie your shoes by watching your dad tie his shoes . 	may have learned	you	how to tie your shoes	When you were a young child			
When you were a young child , you may have learned how to tie your shoes by watching your dad tie his shoes . 	may have learned	you	how to tie your shoes				by watching your dad tie his shoes
More recently , you may have learned how to dance by watching a pop star dancing on TV . 	may have learned	you	how to dance	More recently			
More recently , you may have learned how to dance by watching a pop star dancing on TV . 	may have learned	you	how to dance				by watching a pop star dancing on TV
Playing in a sandbox is fun for young children . 	is	Playing in a sandbox	fun				for young children
In 1960 , primate expert Jane Goodall discovered that chimpanzees also make tools . 	discovered	primate expert Jane Goodall	chimpanzees also make tools	In 1960			
Since then , chimpanzees have been seen making several different types of tools . 	have been seen	chimpanzees	making several different types of tools	Since then			
Individuals are not members of the same species if their members can not produce offspring that can also have children . 	are not	Individuals	members of the same species			if their members can not produce offspring that can also have children	
Lizards are a large group of reptiles , with nearly 5,000 species , living on every continent except Antarctica . 	are	Lizards	a large group of reptiles		living on every continent except Antarctica		
Snakes that are kept as pets can have their venom removed without affecting the health of the snake . 	can have	Snakes	their venom				that are kept as pets
Snakes that are kept as pets can have their venom removed without affecting the health of the snake . 	can have	Snakes	their venom				without affecting the health of the snake
After eating , snakes enter a resting stage , while the process of digestion takes place . 	enter	snakes	a resting stage	After eating			
A snake can usually estimate in advance if a prey is too large . 	can usually estimate	A snake				if a prey is too large	
All mammals , except for a few , are viviparous , meaning they produce live young instead of laying eggs . 	are	All mammals	viviparous				except for a few
Some mammals are alone until a female can become pregnant . 	are	Some mammals	alone	until a female can become pregnant			
At the end of the Cretaceous Period , or 65 million years ago , all dinosaurs  except those which led to birds  went extinct . 	went extinct	all dinosaurs		At the end of the Cretaceous Period , or 65 million years ago			
Species often go extinct when their environment changes , and they do not have the traits they need to survive . 	go	Species	extinct	when their environment changes			
Species often go extinct when their environment changes , and they do not have the traits they need to survive . 	do not have	Species	the traits	when their environment changes			
After each mass extinction , new species evolve to fill the habitats where old species lived . 	evolve to fill	new species	the habitats	After each mass extinction			
After each mass extinction , new species evolve to fill the habitats where old species lived . 	evolve to fill	new species	the habitats		where old species lived		
Since life began on Earth , there have been several major mass extinctions . 	have been	there	several major mass extinctions	Since life began on Earth			
In each mass extinction , over 50 % of animal species died . 	died	over 50 % of animal species		In each mass extinction			
In the late 1850s , an Austrian monk named Gregor Mendel  performed the first genetics experiments . 	performed	an Austrian monk named Gregor Mendel	the first genetics experiments	In the late 1850s			
Since Mendels time , scientists have discovered the answers to these questions . 	have discovered	scientists	the answers	Since Mendels time			
Beginning in the 1940s , scientists studying molecules and DNA have confirmed conclusions about evolution drawn from other forms of evidence . 	have confirmed	scientists studying molecules and DNA	conclusions	Beginning in the 1940s			
If all of the short necked tortoises die , and the long-necked tortoises survive , then , over time , only the long-necked trait will be passed down to offspring . 	will be passed down to	the long-necked trait	offspring			If all of the short necked tortoises die , and the long-necked tortoises survive	
I 'm honored to lead the best team in the business and to keep our momentum at full speed .	'm honored	I	lead the best team in the business				
I 'm honored to lead the best team in the business and to keep our momentum at full speed .	'm honored	I	keep our momentum at full speed				
Akerson plans to stand down on January 15 following his wife 's advanced cancer diagnosis .	plans	Akerson	stand down	on January 15		following his wife 's advanced cancer diagnosis	
General Motors recovered from their bankruptcy a year after the appointment of Akerson , and re-entered the stock market in November 2010 .	recovered	General Motors	their bankruptcy	a year after the appointment of Akerson			
General Motors recovered from their bankruptcy a year after the appointment of Akerson , and re-entered the stock market in November 2010 .	re-entered	General Motors	the stock market	in November 2010			
Issawi returned Monday to his home in the Issawiyeh neighborhood in East Jerusalem after his release from the Shatta prison in northern Israel .	returned	Issawi	his home	Monday	in the Issawiyeh neighborhood in East Jerusalem		
Hundreds of people came to welcome him home and celebrate his release , despite an Israeli order given to his family not to have a public party for his arrival .	came	Hundreds of people	welcome him home				despite an Israeli order given to his family not to have a public party for his arrival
Hundreds of people came to welcome him home and celebrate his release , despite an Israeli order given to his family not to have a public party for his arrival .	came	Hundreds of people	celebrate his release				despite an Israeli order given to his family not to have a public party for his arrival
Issawi was arrested in 2002 in Ramallah , during the second intifada by the Israeli army for shooting at Israeli vehicles and reportedly also charged with making pipe bombs .	was arrested	Issawi	by the Israeli army	during the second intifada	in Ramallah		for shooting at Israeli vehicles
Issawi was arrested in 2002 in Ramallah , during the second intifada by the Israeli army for shooting at Israeli vehicles and reportedly also charged with making pipe bombs .	was arrested	Issawi	reportedly also charged with making pipe bombs	during the second intifada	in Ramallah		
In 2011 , during a prisoner exchange deal Israel made with Hamas , Issawi was released along with over a thousand other Palestinian prisoners .	was released	Issawi		In 2011			along with over a thousand other Palestinian prisoners
As a protest against the punishment , Issawi began a publicized hunger strike .	began	Issawi	a publicized hunger strike				As a protest against the punishment
According to the Los Angeles Times , Israel decided to start a negotiation lest Issawi 's death in the Israeli prison cause violence from the Palestinians in the West Bank .	decided	Israel	start a negotiation			lest Issawi 's death in the Israeli prison cause violence from the Palestinians in the West Bank	
In the end , Issawi agreed to stay in the Israeli prison for an additional eight months to serve the administrative arrest he was under and in exchange he stopped his hunger strike .	agreed	Issawi	stay	In the end	in the Israeli prison		for an additional eight months to serve the administrative arrest he was under
In the end , Issawi agreed to stay in the Israeli prison for an additional eight months to serve the administrative arrest he was under and in exchange he stopped his hunger strike .	stopped	he	his hunger strike	In the end	in the Israeli prison		for an additional eight months to serve the administrative arrest he was under
Scotland 's Police Investigations and Review Commissioner -LRB- PIRC -RRB- has criticised the national force for failing to stop a driver reported to them for being drunk behind the wheel .	has criticised	Scotland 's Police Investigations and Review Commissioner	the national force				for failing to stop a driver reported to them for being drunk behind the wheel
The man subsequently crashed near Forfar , seriously injuring himself and one of his three passengers .	crashed	The man			near Forfar		seriously injuring himself and one of his three passengers
The report calls on Police Scotland to remind officers of standard procedure for dealing with suspected drink-driving calls .	calls	The report	Police Scotland				to remind officers of standard procedure for dealing with suspected drink-driving calls
Last year the now-defunct Tayside Police force was criticised for a similar car crash in which a man hit a pedestrian with his vehicle after police received notice he was driving drunk .	was criticised	the now-defunct Tayside Police force		after police received notice he was driving drunk			in which a man hit a pedestrian with his vehicle
The Scottish Parliament approved a bill to legalise same-sex marriage by a free vote of 105 -- 18 .	approved	The Scottish Parliamen	a bill				by a free vote of 105 -- 18
The Marriage and Civil Partnership -LRB- Scotland -RRB- Bill allows for religious bodies to opt in to providing same-sex wedding ceremonies .	allows	The Marriage and Civil Partnership	religious bodies to opt in to providing same-sex wedding ceremonies				
The Bill was opposed by religious bodies including the Church of Scotland and the Roman Catholic Church .	was opposed	The Bill	religious bodies				including the Church of Scotland and the Roman Catholic Church
During the Parliamentary debate a number of amendments were advanced and rejected , including an amendment to recognise that `` a belief in marriage as a voluntary union between one man and one woman to the exclusion of all others for life is a belief worthy of respect in a democratic society '' .	were advanced and rejected	a number of amendments		During the Parliamentary debate			including an amendment to recognise that `` a belief in marriage as a voluntary union between one man and one woman to the exclusion of all others for life is a belief worthy of respect in a democratic society ''
I am proud that the Scottish Parliament has taken this progressive and hugely important decision in favour of equal rights in our country .	am proud	I	the Scottish Parliament has taken this progressive and hugely important decision in favour of equal rights		in our country		
The top deck of the bus was crushed on one side after hitting the truck and spinning .	was crushed	The top deck of the bus		after hitting the truck and spinning	on one side		
The students aboard ranged from ten-year-olds to young teens and had been headed from their Nakhon Ratchasima school to Pattaya .	ranged	The students	ten-year-olds to young teens		aboard		
The students aboard ranged from ten-year-olds to young teens and had been headed from their Nakhon Ratchasima school to Pattaya .	had been headed	The students	their Nakhon Ratchasima school to Pattaya		aboard		
The bus was carrying around 60 female students , with a boys ' bus from the school following behind .	was carrying	The bus	around 60 female students				with a boys ' bus from the school following behind
The road is in a national park which prevents upgrade works like widening , according to Nuttapong Boontob of the Thailand Accident Research Center .	is	The road	in a national park			according to Nuttapong Boontob of the Thailand Accident Research Center	
Police Lieutenant Colonel Anukarn Thammavijarn said police theorise the vehicle 's `` brakes may have failed or the driver might have fallen asleep .	said	Anukarn Thammavijarn	police theorise the vehicle 's `` brakes may have failed or the driver might have fallen asleep				Police Lieutenant Colonel
Thammavijarn said the bus was out-of-control and going downhill when it struck the 18-wheeled truck from behind .	said	Thammavijarn	he bus was out-of-control and going downhill	when it struck the 18-wheeled truck from behind			
The crash injured a further 47 people .	injured	The crash	a further 47 people				
Road accident rates are among the world 's highest in Thailand ; last December a bus fell off a bridge , killing 29 .	are	Road accident rates	among the world 's highest		in Thailand		
Road accident rates are among the world 's highest in Thailand ; last December a bus fell off a bridge , killing 29 .	fell off	a bus	a bridge	last December			killing 29
Legislation does not require bus passengers to wear seatbelts .	does not require	Legislation	bus passengers to wear seatbelts				
Craven went on to say that much of the discussion about the politics of sport took place because the media had a void to fill before the start of sporting events , and he thought it would die down after the Games got under way .	say	Craven	much of the discussion about the politics of sport took place because the media had a void to fill before the start of sporting events				
Craven went on to say that much of the discussion about the politics of sport took place because the media had a void to fill before the start of sporting events , and he thought it would die down after the Games got under way .	thought	he	it would die down after the Games got under way				
Craven also remarked that it was better to create change from the inside , rather than the outside .	remarked	Craven	it was better to create change from the inside , rather than the outside				
In response to a question from a French journalist about the decision of French leaders not to attend the opening ceremonies tonight , Craven said he was disappointed for the athletes because the politicians were making a choice to make this about politics , and not about sport .	said	Craven	he was disappointed for the athletes because the politicians were making a choice to make this about politics , and not about sport	n response to a question from a French journalist about the decision of French leaders not to attend the opening ceremonies tonight			
IPC Communications Director Craig Spence said that the Ukraine Paralympic Committee delayed their welcome ceremony into the Paralympic Village by two hours yesterday , and the IPC approved the decision .	said	Craig Spence	the Ukraine Paralympic Committee delayed their welcome ceremony into the Paralympic Village by two hours yesterday , and the IPC approved the decision				IPC Communications Director
He said the world and the Paralympic movement is aware of the situation in the Ukraine , but the IPC needs to stay true to its mission .	said	He	the world and the Paralympic movement is aware of the situation		in the Ukraine		the IPC needs to stay true to its mission
Sir Philip Craven initially started his remarks at the press conference talking about the legacy of the Paralympic Games in terms of accessibility of sports in Sochi .	started	Sir Philip Craven	his remarks		in Sochi		talking about the legacy of the Paralympic Games in terms of accessibility of sports
He also talked about how he was excited for the Games to start .	talked	He	how he was excited for the Games to start				
Two people received significant injuries in the explosion , which also wounded eight others and sent fourteen victims into shock .	received	Two people	significant injuries				which also wounded eight others and sent fourteen victims into shock
He placed the device on the bus after rejecting several others he rode on as insufficiently crowded , according to the prosecution .	placed	He	the device	after rejecting several others he rode on as insufficiently crowded	on the bus	according to the prosecution	
Mafarja was convicted on his own plea last December in a deal which spared him a possible life sentence by dropping a charge of aiding an enemy at a time of war .	was convicted	Mafarja	on his own plea	last December			which spared him a possible life sentence by dropping a charge of aiding an enemy at a time of war
The bombing was during a brief war between Israel and Gaza and was designed to convince the Israel Defence Forces to withdraw .	was	The bombing	during a brief war		between Israel and Gaza		
The bombing was during a brief war between Israel and Gaza and was designed to convince the Israel Defence Forces to withdraw .	was designed	The bombing	convince the Israel Defence Forces to withdraw				
Mafarja admitted offences of causing an explosion , conducting an act with intent to aid the enemy , attempted murder , and causing serious bodily harm .	admitted	Mafarja	offences of causing an explosion				conducting an act with intent to aid the enemy , attempted murder , and causing serious bodily harm
Other alleged members of Mafarja 's cell , which was based in the Beit Liqya and Ramallah areas , have been indicted .	have been indicted	Other alleged members of Mafarja 's cell			which was based in the Beit Liqya and Ramallah areas		
Prosecutors claim political assassinations and suicide attacks were planned .	claim	Prosecutors	political assassinations and suicide attacks were planned				
A Fatal Accident Inquiry -LRB- FAI -RRB- ruled on Thursday a helicopter crash into the North Sea might have been prevented had proper maintenance procedures been followed .	ruled	A Fatal Accident Inquiry	a helicopter crash into the North Sea might have been prevented had proper maintenance procedures been followed	on Thursday			
All sixteen on board died when the aircraft went down off the Scottish coast .	died	All sixteen		when the aircraft went down off the Scottish coast	on board		
Wood said there were multiple breaches of health and safety law that could be prosecuted .	said	Wood	there were multiple breaches of health and safety law that could be prosecuted				
Crown Office 's statement counters `` evidence presented during the FAI has not altered the insufficiency of evidence , therefore the decision not to hold criminal proceedings remains the correct one '' .	counters	Crown Office 's statement	`` evidence presented during the FAI has not altered the insufficiency of evidence , therefore the decision not to hold criminal proceedings remains the correct one ''				
Unite union branded their decision a `` travesty of justice '' .	branded	Unite union	their decision				a `` travesty of justice ''
MSP Richard Baker said the victims ' families and North Sea oil workers , who routinely use helicopters , had waited `` far too long '' for the FAI to conclude .	said	MSP Richard Baker	the victims ' families and North Sea oil workers , who routinely use helicopters , had waited `` far too long '' for the FAI to conclude				
The AAIB spent 30 months investigating .	spent	The AAIB	investigating	30 months			
None survived long enough to drown , according to Sheriff Pyle .	survived	None	long enough to drown			according to Sheriff Pyle	
Audrey Wood said `` The length of wait for nearly five years has been intolerable for all the families and we , the families , feel let down by the system .	said	Audrey Wood	`` The length of wait for nearly five years has been intolerable for all the families and we , the families , feel let down by the system				
Bond 's statement this week says `` We would like to express again our deep sorrow at the 16 lives lost .	says	Bond 's statement	`` We would like to express again our deep sorrow at the 16 lives lost	this week			
Bond Offshore hopes -LSB- the inquiry -RSB- brings a degree of closure to the families , friends and dependents of those who died in the tragedy of 2009 .	hopes	Bond Offshore	-LSB- the inquiry -RSB- brings a degree of closure to the families , friends and dependents of those who died in the tragedy of 2009				
The sheriff also noted the `` courage of victims ' families , who attended the full hearing .	noted	The sheriff	the `` courage of victims ' families , who attended the full hearing				
After a hearing in Aberdeen , Sheriff Principal Derek Pyle found Bond Offshore Helicopters failed to remove a component after a metal shard was found .	found	Derek Pyle	Bond Offshore Helicopters failed to remove a component after a metal shard was found	After a hearing in Aberdeen			
The shard suggested spalling , or the shedding of metal particles in the aircraft 's gearbox .	suggested	The shard	spalling				
The shard suggested spalling , or the shedding of metal particles in the aircraft 's gearbox .	suggested	The shard	the shedding of metal particles in the aircraft 's gearbox				
A week before the crash Bond mulled partially replacing the gearbox .	mulled	Bond	replacing the gearbox	A week before the crash			
The aircraft went down after the gearbox failed in flight .	went down	The aircraft		after the gearbox failed in flight			
Pyle found a failure in communication between Bond and helicopter manufacturer Eurocopter had led to the decision not to replace the gearbox .	found	Pyle	a failure				
The routine flight was taking oil workers back to Aberdeen from the Miller offshore oil platform , owned by BP .	was taking	The routine flight	oil workers				
The aircraft radioed air traffic control to inform they were twenty minutes from Aberdeen Airport but six seconds later was confronted with an oil warning light and grinding sounds .	radioed	The aircraft	air traffic control				
The crew declared an emergency but the main rotor broke free , which in turn smashed through the tail leaving the aircraft to plunge into the sea .	declared	The crew	an emergency				
The aircraft crashed within twenty seconds of the first sign of trouble .	crashed	The aircraft		within twenty seconds of the first sign of trouble			
The inquiry is surrounded by controversy owing to the five-year gap between accident and findings , and the decision by Crown Office not to prosecute over the crash .	is surrounded	The inquiry	controversy	owing to the five-year gap between accident and findings			
Although the Air Accidents Investigation Branch -LRB- AAIB -RRB- and Sheriff Pyle found a catastrophic gearbox failure triggered the crash , the exact cause of the failure was never conclusively decided .	was never conclusively decided	the exact cause of the failure					
After hearing expert evidence Pyle found the balance of probabilities pointed to spalling , but could not rule out a manufacturing defect .	found	Pyle	the balance of probabilities pointed to spalling , but could not rule out a manufacturing defect	After hearing expert evidence			
Pyle 's report added `` the small piece of the helicopter which would have proved the matter beyond any doubt -LSB- has -RSB- not been recovered from the seabed .	added	Pyle 's report	`` the small piece of the helicopter which would have proved the matter beyond any doubt -LSB- has -RSB- not been recovered from the seabed				
Bond have released a statement noting `` We have always accepted that we made mistakes through honest confusion over telephone calls and emails .	have released	Bond	a statement				noting `` We have always accepted that we made mistakes through honest confusion over telephone calls and emails
Sheriff Pyle found Bond 's employees `` tried to carry out their jobs as diligently as they could .	found	Sheriff Pyle	Bond 's employees `` tried to carry out their jobs as diligently as they could				
All of them impressed me as engineers who well understood the vital importance of their role in ensuring -LSB- -RSB- safety .	impressed	All of them	me				as engineers who well understood the vital importance of their role in ensuring -LSB- -RSB- safety
Pyle noted Bond readily accepted they should have properly followed the maintenance manual and normally did , but `` on one occasion , that fundamental rule was broken and the crash was likely a result .	noted	Pyle	Bond readily accepted they should have properly followed the maintenance manual and normally did				
Bond , Eurocopter , and investigators all gave evidence .	gave	Bond , Eurocopter , and investigators	evidence				
Trade unions and victims ' families , however , have slammed the decision not to prosecute .	have slammed	Trade unions and victims ' families	the decision				
While welcoming the FAI 's conclusions , victims ' lawyer Tom Marshall said the families wanted to review the decision not to prosecute with the Lord Advocate , and are also seeking a broader public inquiry .	said	Tom Marshall	the families wanted to review the decision not to prosecute with the Lord Advocate , and are also seeking a broader public inquiry			victims ' lawyer	While welcoming the FAI 's conclusions
Audrey Wood , whose son Stuart died in the disaster , said `` How -LSB- Crown Office -RSB- arrived at that decision -LSB- not prosecuting -RSB- will haunt us , as not only did we hear of multiple breaches of health and safety , but the decision was also made without all the evidence being present , as vital witness statements had not been given .	said	Audrey Wood	`` How -LSB- Crown Office -RSB- arrived at that decision -LSB- not prosecuting -RSB- will haunt us , as not only did we hear of multiple breaches of health and safety , but the decision was also made without all the evidence being present , as vital witness statements had not been given			whose son Stuart died in the disaster	
Community members held a public bake sale fundraiser on Sunday to help the family of a Texas woman slain earlier this month .	held	Community members	a public bake sale fundraiser	on Sunday			
On Friday , Mrs. Jernigan told Wikinews , `` This murder has devastated the entire community .	told	Mrs. Jernigan	Wikinews	On Friday			
Webster , 25 , was arrested early last week and charged with one count of murder and one count of felon in possession of a firearm .	was arrested	Webster		early last week			
Webster , 25 , was arrested early last week and charged with one count of murder and one count of felon in possession of a firearm .	charged	Webster	one count of murder and one count of felon in possession of a firearm				
Benefield 's body was found in Marshall , Texas .	was found	Benefield 's body	in Marshall , Texas				
Upon hearing of the discovery , a family member of the victim posted to his Facebook page , `` Struggling to know how someone could do such a horrific thing .	posted	a family member of the victim	his Facebook page	Upon hearing of the discovery			
Earlier , he was questioned by police on March 16 , just two days after Benefield 's car was found at a church near her home , but was released after five hours of questioning .	was questioned by	he	police	just two days after Benefield 's car was found at a church near her home			
Earlier , he was questioned by police on March 16 , just two days after Benefield 's car was found at a church near her home , but was released after five hours of questioning .	was released	he		after five hours of questioning			
Spitler discovered AT&T had inadvertently made data publicly available through their website , and wrote a script allowing him to obtain the email addresses of approximately 120,000 customers , including that of then-New York mayor Michael Bloomberg .	discovered	Spitler	AT&T had inadvertently made data publicly available through their website				
Auernheimer passed this information to Gawker , who published a redacted version .	passed	Auernheimer	this information			who published a redacted version	
The three judges on the Philadelphia-based court , in a unanimous decision , ruled the New Jersey courtroom was an inappropriate venue for the initial trial .	ruled	The three judges	the New Jersey courtroom was an inappropriate venue for the initial trial		on the Philadelphia-based court		
The court said the issue represented a basic constitutional right and not a mere technicality .	said	The court	the issue represented a basic constitutional right and not a mere technicality				
Prosecutors argued that approximately 4,500 of the affected users lived in New Jersey and the state was therefore a valid place for the trial , but the court noted neither the servers accessed , nor the Gawker reporter , nor the defendants , were based in that state .	argued	Prosecutors	approximately 4,500 of the affected users lived in New Jersey and the state was therefore a valid place for the trial				
Auernheimer 's attorney , Tor Ekeland , said that the government was `` trying to find courts that are favourable to them .	said	Tor Ekeland	that the government was `` trying to find courts that are favourable to them			Auernheimer 's attorney	
Carlton Lindbergh Johnson , a 77-year-old pastor , was found guilty on three charges of raping and sexually abusing minors yesterday in Muskegon , Michigan .	was found	Carlton Lindbergh Johnson	guilty on three charges of raping and sexually abusing minors	yesterday	in Muskegon , Michigan	a 77-year-old pastor	
Johnson was arrested in June of 2013 following allegations to police from one of the victims in 2012 .	was arrested	Johnson		in 2012		following allegations to police from one of the victims	
Johnson -- who held a position as church leader at the Faith Congregational Church of God in Christ in the Jackson Hill neighbourhood of Muskegon -- awaits sentencing in June for the two counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct and one second-degree criminal sexual conduct charge .	awaits	Johnson	sentencing	in June		who held a position as church leader at the Faith Congregational Church of God in Christ in the Jackson Hill neighbourhood of Muskegon	
A woman of seventy testified to being assaulted by Johnson as early as 1957 .	testified	A woman of seventy	being assaulted by Johnson	as early as 1957			
And according to the expert that testified , it is very common for people to go their entire lives without disclosing sexual abuse .	is	it	very common			And according to the expert that testified	
Toads opened the scoring through a penalty goal .	opened	Toads	the scoring				through a penalty goal
Maroochydore would open their account through a penalty try , which they converted .	would open	Maroochydore	their account				
In the second half , Maroochydore relinquished their 12 points to 10 lead by allowing Toads to score two converted tries .	relinquished	Maroochydore	their 12 points to 10 lead by allowing Toads to score two converted tries	In the second half			
Noosa Rugby Union Club defeated Caloundra 26 points to 11 in the weekend 's other game .	defeated	Noosa Rugby Union Club	Caloundra				
Three tries in the opening six minutes has guided Toads to a 49 points to 22 win over University today in their round seven Sunshine Coast Rugby Union match at the University of the Sunshine Coast in Sippy Downs , Australia .	has guided	Three tries	Toads to a 49 points to 22 win over University today in their round seven Sunshine Coast Rugby Union match	in the opening six minutes	at the University of the Sunshine Coast in Sippy Downs , Australia		
University 's defence tightened up considerably for the rest of the half allowing only two penalty goals to the 37 minute mark and scoring an unconverted try in the process .	tightened up	University 's defence					
Toads scored their fourth try right on half time .	scored	Toads	their fourth try right	on half time			
Toads appeared to continue their dominance early in the second half scoring two converted tries .	appeared	Toads	continue their dominance	early in the second half			
University would run out the match scoring three more tries , only one of which was converted .	would run out	University	the match scoring three more tries				
Caloundra went 3 -- 0 up at the five minute mark after being awarded a penalty due to University playing the ball in the ruck .	went 3 -- 0 up	Caloundra		at the five minute mark			
University had a chance to even up the scores five minutes later but the ball sailed wide .	had	University	a chance	five minutes later			
The hosts went two points in front at twenty seven minutes scoring a try off the back of a rolling maul .	went	The hosts	two points in front	at twenty seven minutes			
Caloundra retook the lead five minutes later through another penalty goal .	retook	Caloundra	the lead	five minutes later			
University hit back right off the resulting kickoff scoring their second try , which they converted .	hit back	University					
This score was at such a pace that the reporter of this article was still transcribing the notes for the previous penalty goal .	was	This score	at such a pace				that the reporter of this article was still transcribing the notes for the previous penalty goal
The second half opened with University forcing a scrum five metres from Caloundra 's try line .	opened	The second half			from Caloundra 's try line		with University forcing a scrum five metres
This was achieved by making Caloundra ground the ball behind said try line after carrying it over .	was achieved	This	by making Caloundra ground the ball				
Caloundra would score their third penalty goal of the game two minutes after play resumed .	would score	Caloundra	their third penalty goal of the game	two minutes after play resumed			
Their fourth would come five minutes later taking the scores to 17 -- 12 in University 's favour .	would come	Their fourth		five minutes later			
University slotted the match 's final penalty goal around five minutes before full time .	slotted	University	the match 's final penalty goal	around five minutes before full time			
Dr. Khan led the response in Sierra Leone to the current Ebola outbreak there and treated dozens of patients .	led	Dr. Khan	the response		in Sierra Leone		
Dr. Khan led the response in Sierra Leone to the current Ebola outbreak there and treated dozens of patients .	treated	Dr. Khan	dozens of patients				
On Thursday , Sierra Leone declared a state of emergency , quarantining Ebola epicentres .	declared	Sierra Leone	a state of emergency	On Thursday			
The previous Tuesday , Minister of Health and Sanitation Miatta Kargbo announced Dr. Khan had contracted Ebola .	announced	Minister of Health and Sanitation Miatta Kargbo	Dr. Khan had contracted Ebola	The previous Tuesday			
Dr. Khan was moved to the Doctors Without Borders treatment center in Kailahun .	was moved	Dr. Khan	to the Doctors		in Kailahun		
In an interview on May 20 , Dr. Khan told Awareness Times his department does the only testing south of the Sahara Desert for hemorrhagic fever such as Lassa and Ebola ; a decade ago , these tests would have been done in Germany .	told	Dr. Khan	Awareness Times	on May 20			
In an interview on May 20 , Dr. Khan told Awareness Times his department does the only testing south of the Sahara Desert for hemorrhagic fever such as Lassa and Ebola ; a decade ago , these tests would have been done in Germany .	would have been	these tests	done	a decade ago	in Germany		
A team of scientists from Australia and US has found a solution for a challenging problem in climate research .	has found	A team of scientists	a solution for a challenging problem in climate research		from Australia and US		
Climate models predicted more greenhouse gases would weaken the equatorial Pacific trade winds .	predicted	Climate models	more greenhouse gases would weaken the equatorial Pacific trade winds				
However , over the past two decades , observations showed this Walker circulation was getting stronger , accelerating sea level rise in the western Pacific , and consequent changes in global climate .	showed	observations	this Walker circulation was getting stronger	over the past two decades			
The researcher team reports , `` The answer to the puzzle is that recent rapid Atlantic Ocean warming has affected climate in the Pacific '' .	reports	The researcher team	`` The answer to the puzzle is that recent rapid Atlantic Ocean warming has affected climate in the Pacific ''				
Their study , `` Recent Walker circulation strengthening and Pacific cooling amplified by Atlantic warming '' , was published on Sunday in Nature Climate Change .	was published	Their study	in Nature Climate Change	on Sunday			`` Recent Walker circulation strengthening and Pacific cooling amplified by Atlantic warming ''
While previous research supposed natural variability alone accounted for cooling in the eastern Pacific , this study highlights a previously overlooked climate feedback : as the Atlantic warms , it alters the winds over the Pacific , depressing the ocean temperature there .	highlights	this study	a previously overlooked climate feedback				
This , in turn , produces an upward motion of the overlying air parcels .	produces	This	an upward motion				the overlying air parcels
These parcels move westward aloft and then sink again in the eastern equatorial Pacific , where their sinking creates a high pressure system .	move	These parcels	westward aloft				
These parcels move westward aloft and then sink again in the eastern equatorial Pacific , where their sinking creates a high pressure system .	sink	These parcels	in the eastern equatorial Pacific				where their sinking creates a high pressure system
Coauthor Malte Stuecker of the University of Hawaii Meteorology Department reports that `` Our study documents that some of the largest tropical and subtropical climate trends of the past 20 years are all linked : Strengthening of the Pacific trade winds , acceleration of sea level rise -LSB- three times faster than the global average -RSB- in the western Pacific , eastern Pacific surface cooling , the global warming hiatus , and even the massive droughts in California '' .	reports	Malte Stuecker	that `` Our study documents that some of the largest tropical and subtropical climate trends of the past 20 years are all linked : Strengthening of the Pacific trade winds , acceleration of sea level rise -LSB- three times faster than the global average -RSB- in the western Pacific , eastern Pacific surface cooling , the global warming hiatus , and even the massive droughts in California ''				the University of Hawaii Meteorology Department
Work earlier this year by coauthor Matthew England , University of New South Wales , showed the stronger winds have churned up the waters of the Western Pacific Ocean , so more heat flows from the winds into the water .	showed	Work	the stronger winds have churned up the waters of the Western Pacific Ocean	earlier this year	University of New South Wales		coauthor Matthew England
This appears to explain why global surface temperatures have recently risen more slowly .	appears	This	to explain why global surface temperatures have recently risen more slowly				
Coauthor Axel Timmermann of the University of Hawaii notes a further amplifying effect : `` Stronger trade winds in the equatorial Pacific also increase the upwelling of cold waters to the surface .	notes	Axel Timmermann	a further amplifying effect		the University of Hawaii		Stronger trade winds in the equatorial Pacific also increase the upwelling of cold waters to the surface
As Professor England said , `` It will be difficult to predict when the Pacific cooling trend and its contribution to the global hiatus in surface temperatures will come to an end .	will be	It	difficult				As Professor England said
The US Geological Survey -LRB- USGS -RRB- identified that basin as potentially containing large hydrocarbon deposits .	identified	The US Geological Survey	that basin as potentially containing large hydrocarbon deposits				
China has objected against the Indian presence , calling for foreign countries to stay out of the South China Sea , maintaining China 's claims there as indisputable .	has objected against	China	the Indian presence				
The announcement follows claims of responsibility from forces loyal to Libyan General Khalifa Haftar , who has been moving in support of militias involved in the widespread conflict within the country .	follows	The announcement	claims of responsibility				
Egypt has denied responsibility , with sources reporting the government of the UAE has thus far declined to comment .	has denied	Egypt	responsibility				with sources reporting the government of the UAE has thus far declined to comment
Previous attacks by General Haftar 's forces have reportedly struck Benghazi , with Libyan planes said to lack the range or capabilities for a night time attack on a target as distant as Tripoli .	have reportedly struck	attacks	Benghazi	Previous			with Libyan planes said to lack the range or capabilities for a night time attack on a target as distant as Tripoli
US officials reportedly have been aware of the possibility of involvement from other regional countries , with Egypt , UAE and Saudi Arabia supporting secular militias , while Qatar support more Islamist forces , who are locked in violence as they contest the future of their country .	have been aware of	US officials	he possibility of involvement from other regional countries				with Egypt , UAE and Saudi Arabia supporting secular militias
Rulers within the region are also reported to be alarmed by the recent gains from Islamist factions .	are also reported	Rulers	to be alarmed by the recent gains from Islamist factions		within the region		
Libya 's foreign minister , Mohamed Abdel Aziz , told The Guardian the government was no longer able to defend the country 's assets , and while they did not want any outside intervention , they were in need of support and supplies .	told	Mohamed Abdel Aziz	The Guardian the government was no longer able to defend the country 's assets , and while they did not want any outside intervention , they were in need of support and supplies				Libya 's foreign minister
He stated the government were struggling to secure national assets against those `` who are now stronger than the government itself , and who do now possess arms even more sophisticated than the government itself '' .	stated	He	the government were struggling to secure national assets against those `` who are now stronger than the government itself , and who do now possess arms even more sophisticated than the government itself ''				
The failure occurred when Orbital Sciences Corporation 's Antares rocket , which was carrying the Cygnus vehicle with cargo of 5,000 pounds -LRB- about 2,300 kg -RRB- , exploded after liftoff at 6:22 p.m. local time -LRB- 2222 UTC -RRB- , creating a massive fireball in the sky .	occurred	The failure		when Orbital Sciences Corporation 's Antares rocket			
Despite the explosion , the astronauts working on the ISS will not run out of food or supplies , according to a NASA statement released on Tuesday .	will not run out of	the astronauts	food or supplies	on Tuesday			Despite the explosion
Orbital 's vice president Frank Culbertson said the contractor 's spacecraft will not fly until the cause of the failure is determined .	said	Frank Culbertson	the contractor 's spacecraft will not fly until the cause of the failure is determined				Orbital 's vice president
NASA plans to continue the mission of delivering supplies to astronauts once it fully understands how this happened .	plans to	NASA	continue the mission of delivering supplies to astronauts once it fully understands how this happened				
Survivor Al Sayyed Mohamed Arafat told local media he jumped from the fishing boat , named Badr al-Islam , as the container ship approached .	told	Al Sayyed Mohamed Arafat	local media				he jumped from the fishing boat , named Badr al-Islam , as the container ship approached
The army said yesterday one victim raised the alarm by phone and the military sent four boats and a helicopter to commence search and rescue off the Gabal al-Zayt coastline .	said	The army	yesterday one victim raised the alarm by phone and the military sent four boats and a helicopter to commence search and rescue off the Gabal al-Zayt coastline				
A plane has since joined the search .	joined	A plane	the search	since			
The military say the fishing boat lacked safety equipment for emergency communications .	say	The military	the fishing boat lacked safety equipment for emergency communications				
Sanders , a self-identified Socialist who champions against income inequality , says he will make a `` gut decision '' about whether to run .	says	Sanders	he will make a `` gut decision '' about whether to run				a self-identified Socialist who champions against income inequality
After serving in that capacity for 16 years , Sanders won election to the United States Senate , where he has remained .	won	Sanders	election to the United States Senate , where he has remained	After serving in that capacity for 16 years			
Sanders cites the United States wealth gap as `` collapsing '' the nation 's middle class , but says a cure exists in his twelve step solution , which includes infrastructure projects , fair trade , and alternative energy .	cites	Sanders	the United States wealth gap as `` collapsing '' the nation 's middle class , but says a cure exists in his twelve step solution , which includes infrastructure projects , fair trade , and alternative energy				
Nevertheless , Sanders told the AP his decision on 2016 rests on whether he believes he can win the election .	told	Sanders	the AP				his decision on 2016 rests on whether he believes he can win the election
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008 , figures to be the frontrunner for the 2016 Democratic nomination .	figures to	Hillary Clinton	be the frontrunner for the 2016 Democratic nomination				who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008
Experts are divided on how a Sanders candidacy would affect her prospects .	are divided on	Experts	how a Sanders candidacy would affect her prospects				
Former Senator Jim Webb of Virginia has opened an exploratory committee to determine whether he will run in 2016 .	has opened	Jim Webb	an exploratory committee	in 2016	Virginia		to determine whether he will run
At the press conference , Wahlstrom said the pollution was spread 40 kilometers up and downstream , but no impact on the mangrove forest floor was observed .	said	Wahlstrom	the pollution was spread 40 kilometers up and downstream , but no impact on the mangrove forest floor was observed				At the press conference
She also suggested a ban on water traffic in the area , saying `` regular monitoring and stopping traffic through the Sundarbans are needed to tackle the long-term impact .	suggested	She	a ban		in the area		saying `` regular monitoring and stopping traffic through the Sundarbans are needed to tackle the long-term impact
Anwar Hossain Manju , Minister for Forest and Environmental Affairs of Bangladesh , acknowledged that vessel traffic in Sundarbans was suspended .	acknowledged	Anwar Hossain Manju	that vessel traffic in Sundarbans was suspended				Minister for Forest and Environmental Affairs of Bangladesh
On December 9 , the OT Southern Star 7 tanker sank in an accident with another vessel .	sank	the OT Southern Star 7 tanker	in an accident with another vessel	On December 9			
The UN plans to release a final report in two weeks .	plans	The UN	to release a final report in two weeks				
Officials said the explosive device was placed next to a can of gasoline but the gasoline did not ignite after the device detonated .	said	Officials	the explosive device was placed next to a can of gasoline but the gasoline did not ignite after the device detonated				
The FBI are seeking a balding white male , aged about 40 years old , as a `` person of interest '' connected to the case .	are seeking	The FBI	a balding white male				aged about 40 years old
Henry Allen Jr , the president of the Colorado Springs branch of the NAACP , told reporters : `` We 'll move on .	told	Henry Allen Jr	reporters				the president of the Colorado Springs branch of the NAACP
The NAACP national office put out a statement stating that the group `` looks forward to a full and thorough investigation into this matter by federal agents and local law enforcement '' .	put out	The NAACP national office	a statement				stating that the group `` looks forward to a full and thorough investigation into this matter by federal agents and local law enforcement ''
The nation is moving to hold new elections with President Michel Martelly presently ruling by decree .	is moving to	The nation	hold new elections with President Michel Martelly presently ruling by decree				
Last month a presidential commission recommended the prior CEP 's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections .	recommended	a presidential commission	the prior CEP 's resignation as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections	Last month			
The sometimes-violent protests were triggered by failure to hold elections , some due since 2011 .	were triggered by	The sometimes-violent protests	failure to hold elections	since 2011			
A presidential election is due this year and the constitution forbids a consecutive term for Martelly .	forbids	the constitution	a consecutive term				for Martelly
A presidential election is due this year and the constitution forbids a consecutive term for Martelly .	is	A presidential election	due	this year			
Paul replaces Laurent Lamothe who resigned last month at the request of Martelly 's commission .	replaces	Paul	Laurent Lamothe who resigned	last month			at the request of Martelly 's commission
Protests continued around the nation yesterday , with anger directed at foreign leaders who have supported Martelly as well as the local regime .	continued	Protests	around the nation	yesterday			with anger directed at foreign leaders who have supported Martelly as well as the local regime
Brazil , Canada , France , Spain , the United States , the European Union , and the Organization of American States expressed in a joint statement `` support to the president of the republic in the exercise of his constitutional duty to ensure the regular functioning of institutions and the continuity of the state '' as parliament 's terms lapsed and power passed to Martelly alone .	expressed in	Brazil , Canada , France , Spain , the United States , the European Union , and the Organization of American States	a joint statement				support to the president of the republic in the exercise of his constitutional duty to ensure the regular functioning of institutions and the continuity of the state '' as parliament 's terms lapsed and power passed to Martelly alone
The UN has extended the peacekeeping mission for another year but does plan to reduce troops from around 5,000 to around 2,400 .	has extended	The UN	the peacekeeping mission for another year				
The UN has extended the peacekeeping mission for another year but does plan to reduce troops from around 5,000 to around 2,400 .	does plan	The UN	to reduce troops from around 5,000 to around 2,400				
After South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994 de Kock was arrested and subsequently detailed his actions to the nation 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission -LRB- TRC -RRB- .	was arrested	de Kock		After South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994			
After South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994 de Kock was arrested and subsequently detailed his actions to the nation 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission -LRB- TRC -RRB- .	detailed	de Kock	his actions to the nation 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission -LRB- TRC -RRB-	After South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994			
Additional convictions include kidnap and attempted murder .	include	Additional convictions	kidnap and attempted murder				
In a 2007 prison interview he said FW de Klerk , the last white President , had hands `` soaked in blood '' .	said	he	FW de Klerk , the last white President , had hands `` soaked in blood ''	In a 2007 prison interview			
In the early nineties de Kock teamed up with anti-ANC party Inkatha to arrange violence within black communities .	teamed up with	de Kock	anti-ANC party Inkatha to arrange violence within black communities	In the early nineties			
Internal conflict killed 12,000 in the wake of future President Nelson Mandela 's release .	killed	Internal conflict	12,000				in the wake of future President Nelson Mandela 's release
Masutha said de Kock was being released `` in the interest of reconciliation and nation building '' .	said	Masutha	de Kock was being released `` in the interest of reconciliation and nation building ''				
She said to a BBC reporter `` I think it will actually close a chapter in our history because we 've come a long way and I think his release will just once again help with the reconciliation process because there 's still a lot of things that we need to do as a country '' .	said to	She	a BBC reporter				I think it will actually close a chapter in our history because we 've come a long way and I think his release will just once again help with the reconciliation process because there 's still a lot of things that we need to do as a country
He was a South African Council of Churches employee in 1988 when de Kock bombed their headquarters .	was	He	a South African Council of Churches employee	in 1988 when de Kock bombed their headquarters			
Jane Quin said she was `` terribly disappointed '' and he should never be released .	said	Jane Quin	she was `` terribly disappointed '' and he should never be released				
Her sister Jacqui Quin was murdered in Lesotho in 1985 by de Kock .	was murdered	Jacqui Quin	by de Kock	in 1985	in Lesotho		Her sister
TRC chairman Archbishop Desmond Tutu said `` I pray that those whom he hurt , those from whom he took loved ones , will find the power within them to forgive him .	said	Archbishop Desmond Tutu	`` I pray that those whom he hurt , those from whom he took loved ones , will find the power within them to forgive him				TRC chairman
Whilst in prison de Kock has assisted the recovery of his missing victims ' remains .	has assisted	de Kock	the recovery of his missing victims ' remains	Whilst in prison			
Masutha also announced yesterday the rejection of a parole application by apartheid killer Clive Derby-Lewis , an ex-MP .	announced	Masutha	the rejection of a parole application by apartheid killer Clive Derby-Lewis , an ex-MP	yesterday			
His killing in 1993 sparked rioting .	sparked	His killing	rioting	in 1993			
Derby-Lewis sought parole because he has lung cancer .	sought	Derby-Lewis	parole				because he has lung cancer
Efforts to retrieve the entire aircraft last month were abandoned .	were abandoned	Efforts		last month			to retrieve the entire aircraft
Some bodies have been found roughly 1,000 kilometres -LRB- 600 miles -RRB- from the crash site , floating near Sulawesi .	have been found	Some bodies			near Sulawesi		
The aircraft entered an excessively steep climb before stalling , the NTSC said last month .	said	the NTSC	The aircraft entered an excessively steep climb before stalling	last month			
The Agency for Meteorology , Climatology and Geophysics suggests weather caused the disaster , suggesting ice led to engine failure .	suggests	The Agency	weather caused the disaster , suggesting ice led to engine failure				for Meteorology , Climatology and Geophysics
Two men were shot during a robbery at a car stereo and alarm business in the city of Houston , Texas yesterday evening , according to police .	were shot	Two men			in the city of Houston		during a robbery at a car stereo and alarm business
Police said three robbers carried out the attack , each wearing masks , Reportedly , the store employees resisted .	said	Police	three robbers carried out the attack , each wearing masks , Reportedly , the store employees resisted				
Police noted a blood trail was found outside the business .	noted	Police	a blood trail was found outside the business				
John Davies , highly regarded Welsh historian , has died at the age of 76 .	has died	John Davies		at the age of 76	highly regarded Welsh historian		
As an author he won the Glyndwr Award , an award that recognizes an outstanding contribution to the arts in Wales , and the Wales Book of the Year in 2010 .	won	he	the Glyndwr Award				As an author
As an author he won the Glyndwr Award , an award that recognizes an outstanding contribution to the arts in Wales , and the Wales Book of the Year in 2010 .	won	he	the Wales Book	in 2010			As an author
Current BBC presenter Huw Edwards said `` He had an extraordinary way of sharing his message in an engaging and lively way -- in both languages -- and that was incontrovertibly proved in his excellent and comprehensive work A History of Wales -LSB- -RSB- He was a colourful character and great company .	said	Huw Edwards	`` He had an extraordinary way of sharing his message in an engaging and lively way -- in both languages -- and that was incontrovertibly proved in his excellent and comprehensive work A History of Wales -LSB- -RSB- He was a colourful character and great company				Current BBC presenter
Davies , who lived in Grangetown , Cardiff , would go on to share his knowledge of Welsh history by teaching at both Swansea and Aberystwyth universities .	would go on to	Davies	share his knowledge of Welsh history by teaching at both Swansea and Aberystwyth universities		who lived in Grangetown , Cardiff		
Edgar Lungu , the current President of Zambia , is to undergo medical treatment aboard after collapsing while on stage in Lusaka on Sunday during a ceremony for International Women 's Day .	is to undergo	Edgar Lungu	medical treatment	after collapsing while on stage in Lusaka on Sunday during a ceremony for International Women 's Day	aboard		the current President of Zambia
Lungu spoke to the press from hospital on Sunday saying `` I am looking forward to going home .		spoke to	the press	on Sunday	from hospital		saying `` I am looking forward to going home
Doctors have done their tests and they have found traces of malaria , but they are doing further tests and they will let me know what next after before the end of the day '' .	have done	Doctors	their tests				
Doctors have done their tests and they have found traces of malaria , but they are doing further tests and they will let me know what next after before the end of the day '' .	have found	they	traces of malaria				
A later announcement identified his condition instead as a narrowing of the oesophagus , which he had previously received treatment for three decades ago .	identified	A later announcement	his condition instead as a narrowing of the oesophagus	which he had previously received treatment for three decades ago			
Lungu , who only became the Zambian President in January , has previously dispelled rumours of his health .	has previously dispelled	Lungu	rumours of his health	who only became the Zambian President in January			
Some in Zambia have claimed the presidency is `` jinxed '' .	have claimed	Some	the presidency is `` jinxed ''		in Zambia		
Lungu 's predecessor Michael Sata died in October of last year at the age of 77 in London , England .	died	Michael Sata		at the age of 77	in London , England		Lungu 's predecessor
Xu Caihou , a former Chinese general who was once the second in command within the People 's Liberation Army , died yesterday , according to Chinese state news agency Xinhua .	died	Xu Caihou		yesterday			a former Chinese general who was once the second in command within the People 's Liberation Army
The cause of death was announced as bladder cancer .	was announced as	The cause of death	bladder cancer				
In 2012 Xu resigned from the executive committee of the Communist Party .	resigned from	Xu	the executive committee of the Communist Party	In 2012			
In June last year , despite no charges announced against Xu at the time , his general 's rank was revoked .	was revoked	his general 's rank		In June last year			despite no charges announced against Xu at the time
The government said they started investigating Xu last March over claims of corruption and in October he admitted to accepting `` massive '' bribes as payment in assisting people to gain promotions .	said	The government	they started investigating Xu last March over claims of corruption and in October he admitted to accepting `` massive '' bribes as payment in assisting people to gain promotions				
The Calbuco volcano in Southern Chile erupted twice on Wednesday .	erupted	The Calbuco volcano		on Wednesday	in Southern Chile		
The Chilean interior ministry said over 4,000 people were evacuated .	said	The Chilean interior ministry	over 4,000 people were evacuated				
The volcanic ash rose upward over six miles and has caused flight cancellations .	rose upward	The volcanic ash					
The volcanic ash rose upward over six miles and has caused flight cancellations .	has caused	The volcanic ash	flight cancellations				
According to Chilean health ministry sanitary planning division head Bernardo Martorell , the ash could cause water pollution and eye and skin infections .	could cause	the ash	water pollution and eye and skin infections				According to Chilean health ministry sanitary planning division head Bernardo Martorell
As of yesterday , Associated Press said no-one was reported injured as a result of the eruption .	said	Associated Press	no-one was reported injured as a result of the eruption	As of yesterday			
But on Thursday a ministry official said they fear another eruption may occur .	said	a ministry official	they fear another eruption may occur	on Thursday			
Due to that violent eruption , hundreds of flights were cancelled and over 3,000 people evacuated .	were cancelled	hundreds of flights					Due to that violent eruption
Due to that violent eruption , hundreds of flights were cancelled and over 3,000 people evacuated .	evacuated	over 3,000 people					Due to that violent eruption
A report from French safety officials released on Wednesday said the co-pilot , Andreas Lubitz , practiced putting a plane into a controlled descent earlier in the day of the March 24 crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 , which officials allege the co-pilot caused by a controlled descent .	said	A report	the co-pilot , Andreas Lubitz , practiced putting a plane into a controlled descent earlier in the day of the March 24 crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 , which officials allege the co-pilot caused by a controlled descent	released on Wednesday	from French safety officials		
During these few minutes , air traffic control told the Airbus A320 to decend from 37,000 to 35,000 feet .	told	air traffic control	the Airbus A320 to decend from 37,000 to 35,000 feet	During these few minutes			
But the co-pilot has set the altitude to a much lower than that before going back to 35,000 feet .	has set	the co-pilot	the altitude to a much lower than that before going back to 35,000 feet				
The plane remained on its flight path throughout , so there was no deviation from flight path for air traffic controllers to notice .	remained on	The plane	its flight path				so there was no deviation from flight path for air traffic controllers to notice
The report does not say whether the pilot on the `` test '' flight also piloted the accident flight .	does not say	The report	whether the pilot on the `` test '' flight also piloted the accident flight				
On that basis Mr Farage withdrew his resignation and will remain leader of UKIP .	withdrew	Mr Farage	his resignation			On that basis	
On that basis Mr Farage withdrew his resignation and will remain leader of UKIP .	will remain	Mr Farage	leader of UKIP			On that basis	
In addition the NEC recognised that the Proposed referendum on United Kingdom membership of the European Union campaign has already begun this week and we need our best team to fight that campaign led by Nigel .	recognised	the NEC	that the Proposed referendum on United Kingdom membership of the European Union campaign has already begun this week and we need our best team to fight that campaign led by Nigel				In addition
In an article for The Daily Telegraph , Farage said he had been reluctant to continue being party leader but , in the face of evidence presented to him by the NEC , `` I breathed deep , and thought for as long as I possibly had , given the meeting was ongoing , and still is , at my time of writing this .	said	Farage	he had been reluctant to continue being party leader but , in the face of evidence presented to him by the NEC , `` I breathed deep , and thought for as long as I possibly had , given the meeting was ongoing , and still is , at my time of writing this				In an article for The Daily Telegraph
Farage , who has lead the party since 2010 , announced his resignation on Friday , with the recommendation that Suzanne Evans serve as interim leader .	announced	Farage	his resignation	on Friday			with the recommendation that Suzanne Evans serve as interim leader
`` I feel a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders '' , he commented at the time .	commented	he	`` I feel a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders ''	at the time			
On the same day , Ed Miliband had announced he would stand down as Labour leader , while Nick Clegg said he would resign as leader of the Liberal Democrats .	had announced	Ed Miliband	he would stand down as Labour leader , while Nick Clegg said he would resign as leader of the Liberal Democrats	On the same day			
However , the party gained only one seat out of 650 , taken by Douglas Carswell .	gained	the party	one seat out of 650				taken by Douglas Carswell
The US strategy in the region has relied on air strikes .	has relied on	The US strategy	air strikes		in the region		
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair announced on Wednesday his intention to resign from his post as the Quartet 's envoy to the Middle East , to UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon .	announced	Tony Blair	his intention to resign from his post as the Quartet 's envoy to the Middle East , to UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon	on Wednesday			Former British Prime Minister
Blair has held this position for the past eight years , and his resignation is to take effect in June .	has held	Blair	this position	for the past eight years			
Blair has held this position for the past eight years , and his resignation is to take effect in June .	is to	his resignation	take effect	in June			
The Quartet on the Middle East , formed in 2002 , is made up of Russia , the United States , the UN , and the EU .	is made up of	The Quartet	Russia , the United States , the UN , and the EU	formed in 2002	on the Middle East		
According the Team Manager Nick Sullivan , Smith took a while to settle in before taking her first shot .	took	Smith	a while to settle in before taking her first shot				According the Team Manager Nick Sullivan
Kosmala started shooting earlier than Smith , scoring a 99 out of 100 possible points .	started	Kosmala	shooting earlier than Smith				scoring a 99 out of 100 possible points
When Smith did get going , she scored 98 out of 100 , having perfect for the first 8 shots .	scored	she	98 out of 100	When Smith did get going			having perfect for the first 8 shots
In the match on the other mat , Cuban Isao Cruz Alonso took a bit longer to defeat Azerbaijani competitor Rovshan Safarov .	took	Isao Cruz Alonso	a bit longer to defeat Azerbaijani competitor Rovshan Safarov				In the match on the other mat
In another match , Turkey 's Halil Ibrahim Onel defeated Germany 's Sebastian Junk with a pin in the men 's 73kg round of sixteen .	defeated	Halil Ibrahim Onel	Germany 's Sebastian Junk with a pin in the men 's 73kg round of sixteen				In another match
Twenty-year old Grudzien came into the Games as the defending silver medalist aiming to take home another medal .	came into	Grudzien	the Games as the defending silver medalist aiming to take home another medal				Twenty-year old
Given the potential for confusion about Paralympic classification , commentators and video screens provided repeated explanations of relevant classifications .	provided	commentators and video screens	repeated explanations of relevant classifications			Given the potential for confusion about Paralympic classification	
Great Britain 's win in the discus final prompted the crowd to sing along to the national anthem during the medal ceremony .	prompted	Britain 's win	the crowd to sing along to the national anthem during the medal ceremony				in the discus final
No other country enjoyed quite the same level of flag waving and singing during subsequent medal ceremonies .	enjoyed	No other country	quite the same level of flag waving and singing during subsequent medal ceremonies				
Women , competing in the two blind classification finals , ran almost-exclusively with male guide runners .	ran	Women					competing in the two blind classification finals
At the end of their victory lap , Clegg hugged her coach whilst Huggins knuckle-bumped athletes standing at the edge of the stadium before being joined by Clegg for hugs from team-mates .	hugged	Clegg	her coach	whilst Huggins knuckle-bumped athletes standing at the edge of the stadium before being joined by Clegg for hugs from team-mates			
Later in the night , immediately following Oscar Pistorius 's 200 metres T44 final , Francois-Elie was awarded her gold medal whilst French athletes loudly sang their national anthem .	was awarded	Francois-Elie	her gold medal	whilst French athletes loudly sang their national anthem			
Pistorius 's race was near the end of the programme , with the announcer hyping it throughout the evening 's competition .	was near	Pistorius 's race	the end of the programme				with the announcer hyping it throughout the evening 's competition
Ballard , competing in her fourth Games , said following her race : `` It 's really good especially after how I did at Beijing .	said	Ballard	`` It 's really good especially after how I did at Beijing	following her race			competing in her fourth Games
A Chinese supporter with a flag made their presence known during Slovenia 's second time out in the second set by waving it when asked which side fans were supporting .	made	A Chinese supporter	their presence known	when asked which side fans were supporting			with a flag
Entering the tournament as the number-one ranked team in the world , China came into the game having beaten the United States in their opening game 3 sets to 1 , then going on to beat Brazil by the same total .	came into	China	the game			Entering the tournament as the number-one ranked team in the world	having beaten the United States in their opening game 3 sets to 1
Entering the tournament as the number-one ranked team in the world , China came into the game having beaten the United States in their opening game 3 sets to 1 , then going on to beat Brazil by the same total .	going on to beat	China	Brazil	then		Entering the tournament as the number-one ranked team in the world	by the same total
On the hacked webpage Al-Rashedon , a group apparently supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , said they had performed this action `` in response to -LSB- Al Jazeera 's -RSB- position against the people and government of Syria '' .	said	a group	hey had performed this action `` in response to -LSB- Al Jazeera 's -RSB- position against the people and government of Syria ''				apparently supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad
The same group accessed Al Jazeera 's page on social networking website Twitter in July , posting messages critical of Syrian opposition members .	accessed	The same group	Al Jazeera 's page	in July			posting messages critical of Syrian opposition members
Istanbul University , founded in 1453 , is the oldest Turkish educational institution in the city . 	founded	Istanbul University		in 1453			
Istanbul University , founded in 1453 , is the oldest Turkish educational institution in the city . 	is	Istanbul University	the oldest Turkish educational institution		in the city		
The flag should be lowered at our Embassy in S Africa , but not here .	should be lowered	The flag			at our Embassy in S Africa		
I have ordered that the flag here at my office back up after tomorrow 's mourning of Pearl Harbor Day !	back up	the flag			at my office		
I have ordered that the flag here at my office back up after tomorrow 's mourning of Pearl Harbor Day !	back up	the flag		after tomorrow 's mourning of Pearl Harbor Day			
I have ordered that the flag here at my office back up after tomorrow 's mourning of Pearl Harbor Day !	have ordered	I	that the flag here at my office back up after tomorrow 's mourning of Pearl Harbor Day				
According to Fox News , the US President can not require US flag lowering at the local level .	can not require	the US President	US flag lowering at the local level			According to Fox News	
According to CNN in an article published yesterday , presidents generally restrict requests for lowering the flag to major national figures , US governors , and foreign dignitaries .	restrict	presidents	requests for lowering the flag to major national figures , US governors , and foreign dignitaries			According to CNN in an article published yesterday	
According to CNN in an article published yesterday , presidents generally restrict requests for lowering the flag to major national figures , US governors , and foreign dignitaries .	published	an article		yesterday			
A man and two children were found dead this morning in a home at Fort Hood , a US Army base in Texas .	were found	A man and two children	dead	this morning			
A man and two children were found dead this morning in a home at Fort Hood , a US Army base in Texas .	were found	A man and two children	dead		in a home at Fort Hood , a US Army base in Texas		
Early reports indicate the deceased were military dependents .	were	the deceased	military dependents			Early reports indicate	
Approximately 45,000 service members are currently assigned to the military base , located in central Texas .	assigned	Approximately 45,000 service members	to the military base		located in central Texas		
In 2009 , Major Nidal Hassan shot and killed 13 people and wounded 30 others at the base 's Readiness Processing Center .	shot and killed	Major Nidal Hassan	13 people	In 2009			
In 2009 , Major Nidal Hassan shot and killed 13 people and wounded 30 others at the base 's Readiness Processing Center .	wounded	Major Nidal Hassan	30 others	In 2009			
In 2009 , Major Nidal Hassan shot and killed 13 people and wounded 30 others at the base 's Readiness Processing Center .	shot and killed	Major Nidal Hassan	13 people		at the base 's Readiness Processing Center		
In 2009 , Major Nidal Hassan shot and killed 13 people and wounded 30 others at the base 's Readiness Processing Center .	wounded	Major Nidal Hassan	30 others		at the base 's Readiness Processing Center		
Officials in France have issued a pollution alert after an unladen freighter grounded on a breakwater at Anglet , Basque yesterday .	have issued	Officials	a pollution	yesterday			
Officials in France have issued a pollution alert after an unladen freighter grounded on a breakwater at Anglet , Basque yesterday .	have issued	Officials	a pollution		in France		
Officials in France have issued a pollution alert after an unladen freighter grounded on a breakwater at Anglet , Basque yesterday .	grounded	an unladen freighter	on a breakwater		at Anglet , Basque		
Officials in France have issued a pollution alert after an unladen freighter grounded on a breakwater at Anglet , Basque yesterday .	grounded	an unladen freighter	on a breakwater	yesterday			
The Luno had 120 -- 160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater .	had	The Luno	120 -- 160 cubic metres of fuel aboard	when it broke down			
The Luno had 120 -- 160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater .	pushed	high winds and waves	it		into the breakwater		
The ship has split around the breakwater , one part remaining on the rocks at one side and the other pushed almost to the beach on the other .	has split	The ship			around the breakwater		
The ship has split around the breakwater , one part remaining on the rocks at one side and the other pushed almost to the beach on the other .	remaining	one part			on the rocks at one side		
The ship has split around the breakwater , one part remaining on the rocks at one side and the other pushed almost to the beach on the other .	pushed	the other			to the beach		
Anglet is near the Spanish border , with the ship registered in Spain .	is	Anglet	near the Spanish border				
Anglet is near the Spanish border , with the ship registered in Spain .	registered	the ship			in Spain		
She said the ship had tried to anchor itself but broke away .	had tried	the ship	to anchor itself			She said	
She said the ship had tried to anchor itself but broke away .	broke away	the ship				She said	
A 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murdering 7-year-old girl Nikki Allan in the UK 21 years ago , and released on bail , yesterday .	was arrested	A 43-year-old man	on suspicion of murdering 7-year-old girl Nikki Allan		in the UK		
A 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murdering 7-year-old girl Nikki Allan in the UK 21 years ago , and released on bail , yesterday .	was arrested	A 43-year-old man	on suspicion of murdering 7-year-old girl Nikki Allan	21 years ago			
A 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murdering 7-year-old girl Nikki Allan in the UK 21 years ago , and released on bail , yesterday .	released	A 43-year-old man	on bail	yesterday			
Nikki Allan disappeared after leaving her grandparents ' apartment in the city of Sunderland in the North East of England to walk back to her own , which was in the same block , on October 7 , 1992 .	disappeared	Nikki Allan		on October 7 , 1992			
Nikki Allan disappeared after leaving her grandparents ' apartment in the city of Sunderland in the North East of England to walk back to her own , which was in the same block , on October 7 , 1992 .	leaving	Nikki Allan	her grandparents ' apartment		in the city of Sunderland in the North East of England		
Nikki Allan disappeared after leaving her grandparents ' apartment in the city of Sunderland in the North East of England to walk back to her own , which was in the same block , on October 7 , 1992 .	walk	Nikki Allan	back to her own				
A male neighbour previously charged with her murder was found not guilty in 1994 when a judge determined police had used `` oppressive methods '' in getting him to make a confession .	used	police	oppressive methods	a judge determined			
A male neighbour previously charged with her murder was found not guilty in 1994 when a judge determined police had used `` oppressive methods '' in getting him to make a confession .	was found	A male neighbour	not guilty	in 1994			
A male neighbour previously charged with her murder was found not guilty in 1994 when a judge determined police had used `` oppressive methods '' in getting him to make a confession .	charged	A male neighbour	with her murder				
Northumbria Police collaborated last year with the BBC to reconstruct the last sightings of Nikki Allan in an appeal on a September 2013 edition of Crimewatch .	collaborated	Northumbria Police	with the BBC	last year			
Northumbria Police collaborated last year with the BBC to reconstruct the last sightings of Nikki Allan in an appeal on a September 2013 edition of Crimewatch .	reconstruct	Northumbria Police	the last sightings of Nikki Allan in an appeal on a September 2013 edition of Crimewatch	last year			
Despite the intervention in parts of Crimea , Ukraine by forces connected to Russia in the past few days , the rail border between the countries remains open today .		the rail border	remains open		between the countries		
Despite the intervention in parts of Crimea , Ukraine by forces connected to Russia in the past few days , the rail border between the countries remains open today .	remains open	the rail border	today				
According to Ukrainian Independent Information Agency , people entering the Ukraine from Russia are receiving extra scrutiny at at the border .	are receiving	people entering the Ukraine from Russia	extra scrutiny			According to Ukrainian Independent Information Agency	
According to Ukrainian Independent Information Agency , people entering the Ukraine from Russia are receiving extra scrutiny at at the border .	are receiving	people entering the Ukraine from Russia	extra scrutiny		at the border		
At platform checkpoints for passport control , `` additional steps are being organized in relation to regional transport police to deal the possibility of localization of possible conflicts .	are being organized	additional steps			At platform checkpoints for passport control		
At platform checkpoints for passport control , `` additional steps are being organized in relation to regional transport police to deal the possibility of localization of possible conflicts .	deal	additional steps	the possibility of localization of possible conflicts		At platform checkpoints for passport control		
If the guards suspect people are entering for the purpose of destabilizing the country , the police reserve the right to deny them entry to the country .	reserve	the police	the right to deny them entry to the country			If the guards suspect people are entering for the purpose of destabilizing the country	
On Monday , Texas police identified Rodris Webster , 25 , as a person-of-interest in the recent disappearance of a 19 year-old woman .	identified	Texas police	Rodris Webster , 25 , as a person-of-interest	On Monday			
On Monday , Texas police identified Rodris Webster , 25 , as a person-of-interest in the recent disappearance of a 19 year-old woman .	identified	Texas police	Rodris Webster , 25 , as a person-of-interest			in the recent disappearance of a 19 year-old woman	
He was arrested in January and charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .	was arrested	He		in January			
He was arrested in January and charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .	charged	He	with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon				
Police investigators inspected a trash dumpster located in the nearby town of Waskom on Sunday morning .	inspected	Police investigators	a trash dumpster	on Sunday morning			
Police investigators inspected a trash dumpster located in the nearby town of Waskom on Sunday morning .	inspected	Police investigators	a trash dumpster		located in the nearby town of Waskom		
Police interviewed Webster for 5 hours on Sunday , but released him around 6pm .	interviewed	Police	Webster	on Sunday			
Police interviewed Webster for 5 hours on Sunday , but released him around 6pm .	released	Police	him	around 6pm			
Polls have reportedly only been marred by a small amount of violence while participation has been described as high by reporters .	been marred	Polls	by a small amount of violence			have reportedly	
Polls have reportedly only been marred by a small amount of violence while participation has been described as high by reporters .	has been described	participation	as high			by reporters	
The three front-runners in the election are reported to be the former World Bank academic Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai , doctor Abdullah Abdullah , and former foreign minister Zalmai Rassoul .	are reported to be	The three front-runners	the former World Bank academic Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai , doctor Abdullah Abdullah , and former foreign minister Zalmai Rassoul				
The election in Afghanistan follows the shooting this week of two Associated Press journalists by Afghan police : Anja Niedringhaus and Kathy Gannon .	follows	The election	the shooting	this week	in Afghanistan		
Also recently , on Tuesday British troops formally shut down their base in Helmand as part of a planned withdrawal process from the region .	shut down	British troops	their base	on Tuesday			
Also recently , on Tuesday British troops formally shut down their base in Helmand as part of a planned withdrawal process from the region .	shut down	British troops	their base		in Helmand		
A female teacher was fatally stabbed late Monday morning at the secondary school she taught in at Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , in front of students .	was fatally stabbed	A female teacher		late Monday morning			
A female teacher was fatally stabbed late Monday morning at the secondary school she taught in at Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , in front of students .	was fatally stabbed	A female teacher			at the secondary school		
A female teacher was fatally stabbed late Monday morning at the secondary school she taught in at Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , in front of students .	was fatally stabbed	A female teacher			at Leeds , West Yorkshire , England		
At the end of September , Mrs Maguire planned to retire after teaching for nearly 40 years , more than 10 years spent as the Head of Year 11 .	planned	Mrs Maguire	to retire	At the end of September			
The incident follows an investigation from Sky News finding nearly 1,000 United Kingdom pupils in the past three years were caught in schools with weapons .	follows	The incident	an investigation				
The incident follows an investigation from Sky News finding nearly 1,000 United Kingdom pupils in the past three years were caught in schools with weapons .	were caught	nearly 1,000 United Kingdom pupils	in schools with weapons			Sky News finding	
The skeletal remains of Shunte Coleman , a missing person since 2006 , have reportedly been found near the Angelina National Forest in the US state of Texas .	been found	The skeletal remains of Shunte Coleman	near the Angelina National Forest			have reportedly	
The skeletal remains of Shunte Coleman , a missing person since 2006 , have reportedly been found near the Angelina National Forest in the US state of Texas .	been found	The skeletal remains of Shunte Coleman	near the Angelina National Forest		in the US state of Texas		
On Friday , the San Augustine , Texas sherriff 's department announced remains found in San Augustine by a forester earlier this year are a DNA match for Coleman .	announced	Texas sherriff 's department	remains found in San Augustine by a forester earlier this year are a DNA match for Coleman	On Friday			
On Friday , the San Augustine , Texas sherriff 's department announced remains found in San Augustine by a forester earlier this year are a DNA match for Coleman .	announced	Texas sherriff 's department	remains found in San Augustine by a forester earlier this year are a DNA match for Coleman		the San Augustine		
Spain 's men 's national goalball team arrived in Espoo , Finland Friday for the start of the 2014 IBSA Goalball World Championships .	arrived	Spain 's men 's national goalball team	Espoo , Finland	Friday			
The team missed the 2012 Summer Paralympics .	missed	The team	the 2012 Summer Paralympics				
In last year 's IBSA European Goalball Championships in Turkey , the team finished second , behind World Championship hosts and Paralympic gold medalists Finland .	finished	the team	second			In last year 's IBSA European Goalball Championships in Turkey	
Goalball was created in 1946 , exclusively for people with a visual disability and designed to help with the rehabilitation of veterans returning from World War II .	was created	Goalball		in 1946			
Goalball was created in 1946 , exclusively for people with a visual disability and designed to help with the rehabilitation of veterans returning from World War II .	designed	Goalball	to help with the rehabilitation of veterans returning from World War II				
Play in the Paralympics consists of two twelve-minute periods , with a three minute break between halves .	consists	Play	two twelve-minute periods			in the Paralympics	
The audience is asked to remain silent during play .	is asked	The audience	to remain silent			during play	
Unite 's general secretary Len McCluskey said of the motion passed by the union : `` It calls on Labour not to box itself in on the referendum question .	said	Len McCluskey	It calls on Labour not to box itself in on the referendum question				
For much of that time it has been the Tories who have had to deal with divisions in their ranks over Europe .	had to	Tories	deal with divisions in their ranks	For much of that time			
For much of that time it has been the Tories who have had to deal with divisions in their ranks over Europe .	had to	Tories	deal with divisions in their ranks			over Europe	
Both UKIP and the Tories will be offering a referendum on the issue of Britain 's membership .	will be offering	UKIP and the Tories	a referendum			on the issue of Britain 's membership	
Without such a pledge our party will stand exposed .	will stand	our party	exposed			Without such a pledge	
UKIP will be strengthened in some key constituencies .	will be	UKIP	strengthened			in some key constituencies	
Balls responded on the BBC programme Newsnight : `` That would be a silly thing for us to say .	responded	Balls	That would be a silly thing for us to say			on the BBC programme Newsnight	
At Prime Minister 's Questions , Conservatives had fun at the expense of Labour leader Ed Miliband and the perceived division in Labour ranks over Europe .	had fun	Conservatives	at the expense of Labour leader Ed Miliband and the perceived division in Labour ranks over Europe			At Prime Minister 's Questions	
Ahead of the 2015 general election , the parties remain divided on Europe .	remain	the parties	on Europe	Ahead of the 2015 general election			
David Cameron has pledged the Conservatives will hold a referendum in 2017 after a renegotiation of treaties .	will hold	the Conservatives	a referendum			David Cameron has pledged	
David Cameron has pledged the Conservatives will hold a referendum in 2017 after a renegotiation of treaties .	will hold	the Conservatives	a referendum	in 2017			
David Cameron has pledged the Conservatives will hold a referendum in 2017 after a renegotiation of treaties .	will hold	the Conservatives	a referendum	after a renegotiation of treaties			
The press release also said RBI had identified four to six banks to be under D-SIB category according to data compiled through March 2013 .	had identified	RBI	four to six banks to be under D-SIB category			The press release also said	
Banks considered by analysts likely to be classified as D-SIBS include State Bank of India , Punjab National Bank , Citibank , Standard Chartered Bank , ICICI Bank , and HDFC Bank .	include	D-SIBS	State Bank of India , Punjab National Bank , Citibank , Standard Chartered Bank , ICICI Bank , and HDFC Bank			Banks considered	
On Sunday , July 20 , a citizen of Pakistan was killed in a cross-border firing by India 's BSF .	was killed	a citizen of Pakistan		On Sunday , July 20			
On Sunday , July 20 , a citizen of Pakistan was killed in a cross-border firing by India 's BSF .	was killed	a citizen of Pakistan				in a cross-border firing by India 's BSF	
The place was described as located in Charwa and Harpal sector near Sialkot by Pakistani press , and Karole in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district by Indian press .	was described	The place	as located in Charwa and Harpal sector near Sialkot			by Pakistani press	
The place was described as located in Charwa and Harpal sector near Sialkot by Pakistani press , and Karole in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district by Indian press .	was described	The place	Karole in Hiranagar sector of Kathua district			by Indian press	
On Wednesday , Pakistani press reported a Nangal Village resident , Iftikhar , was shot by India 's BSF across the border , at the district Shakar Garh control centre , Narowal .	was shot	a Nangal Village resident		On Wednesday	at the district Shakar Garh control centre , Narowal	by India 's BSF across the border	
Indian army said there was an infiltration attempt late Wednesday in Tarkundi area of Poonch district .	was	there	an infiltration attempt	late Wednesday		in Tarkundi area of Poonch district	
According to Pakistani Rangers , the firing from India was unprovoked in both Sunday and Wednesday incidents ; Punjab Rangers in the first incident , and Chenab Rangers in the second incident , retaliated with intention to stop the firing .	retaliated	Punjab Rangers in the first incident , and Chenab Rangers in the second incident	intention			in both Sunday and Wednesday incidents	
After each incident , the Rangers have demanded a flag meeting to resolve tensions .	have demanded	the Rangers	a flag meeting			After each incident	
Pakistani The Express Tribune reported there were three women and a child injured .	were	there	three women and a child injured			The Express Tribune reported	
Firing reportedly continued for several hours starting late Saturday night , creating panic in the nearby population .	continued	Firing	several hours	starting late Saturday night			
They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .	would increase	increasing population and changing diet	world food needs by 50 percent	by 2050		They estimated	
By 2050 , undernourishment would increase by either 49 percent or by 27 percent , depending on the scenario .	would increase	undernourishment	by either 49 percent or by 27 percent	By 2050			
Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to impact crop yields , `` nobody has looked at these together '' .	are separately known	temperature and ozone	impact crop yields			Heald said	
Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to impact crop yields , `` nobody has looked at these together '' .	has looked	nobody	these together				
The U.S Department of Agriculture notes , `` Ground-level ozone causes more damage to plants than all other air pollutants combined '' , highlighting the importance of air quality for agriculture .	causes	Ground-level ozone	more damage to plants			The U.S Department of Agriculture notes	
The researchers found that ozone pollution caused 46 percent of previously heat-attributed damage to soybean crops .	caused	ozone pollution	46 percent of previously heat-attributed damage			The researchers found	
The U.S Environmental Protection Agency says some crops may have higher yields with increased levels of carbon dioxide .	may have	some crops	higher yields			The U.S Environmental Protection Agency says	
Heald noted the findings show pollution reduction is also important .	show	the findings	pollution reduction is also important			Heald noted	
Heald noted the findings show pollution reduction is also important .	is	pollution reduction	important				
Harvick 's lead would end after just one lap , yielding to Gordon , who led the following 20 laps .	would end	Harvick 's lead		after just one lap			
The first caution flag was flown as an arranged competition caution on lap 22 , allowing Cole Whitt to become the beneficiary , nicknamed the `` lucky dog '' , and gain back a lap .	was flown	The first caution flag	as an arranged competition caution			on lap 22	
The final caution occurred on lap 140 due to Ryan Truex being too slow in turn 2 , with Michael McDowell being the `` lucky dog '' .	occurred	The final caution	on lap 140				
The final caution occurred on lap 140 due to Ryan Truex being too slow in turn 2 , with Michael McDowell being the `` lucky dog '' .	being	Michael McDowell	lucky dog				
The drivers ' points standings after the race featured Gordon in the lead with 717 points .	featured	The drivers ' points	Gordon in the lead			after the race	
Walding , who served in Iraq as a member of the Green Berets , had his lower leg amputated after being shot .	had	Walding	his lower leg amputated			after being shot	
Walding , who served in Iraq as a member of the Green Berets , had his lower leg amputated after being shot .	served	Walding	in Iraq				
The US comedy actor Robin Williams was found dead yesterday by the Marin County , California Sheriff 's Office , apparently by asphyxiation .	was found	Robin Williams	dead	yesterday			
In their round five clash at Sunshine Beach , University won 15 points to 13 .	won	University				In their round five clash at Sunshine Beach	
In round five Caloundra won by eight points , while in round ten the teams played a 14-all draw .	won	Caloundra	by eight points			In round five	
In round five Caloundra won by eight points , while in round ten the teams played a 14-all draw .	played	the teams	a 14-all draw			while in round ten	
The loser plays in the preliminary final against the winner of the minor semi final at a yet-unknown venue .	plays	The loser	the preliminary final against		at a yet-unknown venue		
Today Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop announced Australia would accept an invitation to become an enhanced partner of NATO at the NATO conference later this week .	would accept	Australia	an invitation	later this week		Julie Bishop announced	
Both candidates have agreed in principal to sign the agreement .	have agreed	Both candidates	sign the agreement				
Stars and Stripes reports the ongoing political stalemate negatively impacting the country 's economy .	impacting	the ongoing political stalemate	the country 's economy			Stars and Stripes reports	
In speeches recently , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has indicated his country will be taking a more muscular foreign policy stance .	will be taking	his country	a more muscular foreign policy stance			Tony Abbott has indicated	
Membership of the programme would allow Australia to decide the extent of its involvement in any NATO led military operations .	would allow	Membership of the programme	Australia to decide the extent				
Initial maps of the sea floor were not clear enough to assist in the search .	were not	Initial maps of the sea floor	clear enough				
The storm is supposed to come near Bermuda on Friday , and could actually hit Bermuda , according to officials .	is supposed to	The storm	come	on Friday	near Bermuda		
The storm is supposed to come near Bermuda on Friday , and could actually hit Bermuda , according to officials .	could actually hit	The storm	Bermuda			according to officials	
One person was killed and a dozen others were injured in that region .	was	One person	killed		in that region		
One person was killed and a dozen others were injured in that region .	were	a dozen others	injured		in that region		
It could hit Hawaii if it stays on its predicted path .	could hit	It	Hawaii			if it stays on its predicted path	
Sledge is Hanson 's fourth film to direct , according to Internet Movie Database .	is	Sledge	Hanson 's fourth film			according to Internet Movie Database	
The 2014/15 Test cricket series between Australia and India has been reshuffled , announced Monday night , after the scheduled first match was postponed .	has been reshuffled	The 2014/15 Test cricket series		Monday night			
The Interior Ministry made the announcement via official news agency Petra .	made	The Interior Ministry	the announcement				
All were Jordanian citizens and had exhausted all appeals , according to the ministry .	were	All	Jordanian citizens			according to the ministry	
All were Jordanian citizens and had exhausted all appeals , according to the ministry .	had exhausted	All	all appeals			according to the ministry	
None , it said , were convicted of politically motivated murder .	motivated murder	None				it said	
The men were executed at a prison in the south early in the morning .	were executed	The men		in the morning	at a prison in the south early		
An Indonesia AirAsia jet vanished over the Kumai region today .	vanished	An Indonesia AirAsia jet			today		
The engines were built by CFM International , a joint enterprise between US firm General Electric and French engineering company Safran .	were built	The engines	CFM International				
Fernandes bought AirAsia for a symbolic price from the Malaysian government in 2002 .	bought	Fernandes	AirAsia	in 2002			
Pope Francis used today 's address in St Peter 's Square , the Vatican to say he was praying for the missing .	used	Pope Francis	today 's address		in St Peter 's Square		
Pope Francis used today 's address in St Peter 's Square , the Vatican to say he was praying for the missing .	was	he	praying			the Vatican to say	
The plane went missing in the vicinity of Pulau Belitung Island .	went missing	The plane			in the vicinity of Pulau Belitung Island		
The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore is `` ready to provide any assistance to support the search and rescue effort '' according to a statement .	is	The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore	ready			according to a statement	
The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore is `` ready to provide any assistance to support the search and rescue effort '' according to a statement .	provide	The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore	any assistance			according to a statement	
Areas for families and friends have been set up at Changi Airport where the flight was headed and at Juanda International Airport where it departed .	have been set up	Areas for families and friends			at Changi Airport		
The area where the plane vanished around 40 minutes into its trip was experiencing thunderstorms .	was experiencing	The area	thunderstorms				
The area where the plane vanished around 40 minutes into its trip was experiencing thunderstorms .	vanished	the plane		around 40 minutes into its trip			
Airbus released a statement saying the plane had accumulated 23,000 flying hours on 13,600 flights .	released	Airbus	a statement				
Airbus released a statement saying the plane had accumulated 23,000 flying hours on 13,600 flights .	had accumulated	the plane	23,000 flying hours on 13,600 flights				
At least twelve people have been killed today in a shooting at the Paris offices of the satirical weekly French magazine Charlie Hebdo .	have been killed	At least twelve people		today	at the Paris offices		
The magazine recently posted a cartoon on Twitter depicting Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , a leader of the Islamic State militant group .	posted	The magazine	a cartoon			on Twitter	
Following the bombing , the magazine 's website was hacked and death threats were made against their staff .	was hacked	the magazine 's website				Following the bombing	
Following the bombing , the magazine 's website was hacked and death threats were made against their staff .	were made	death threats				Following the bombing	
His self-monitoring was routine after deployment to fight Ebola .	was	His self-monitoring	routine			after deployment to fight Ebola	
According to police the child was playing with matches in a warehouse on the top-floor of the four-storey Yiwu Commodity Mall .	was playing	the child	with matches		in a warehouse on the top-floor	According to police	
Photos at the scene showed medical personnel , some with stretchers , waiting en masse to treat casualties .	waiting	medical personnel	en masse			Photos at the scene showed	
The fire service said the entire building , which passed a safety inspection last month , was at risk of collapse .	was	the entire building	at risk of collapse			The fire service said	
The fire service said the entire building , which passed a safety inspection last month , was at risk of collapse .	passed	the entire building	a safety inspection	last month			
On Wednesday , Vuyo Mvoko , a television journalist , was mugged moments before he was due to start a live broadcast in Johannesburg , South Africa .	was	Vuyo Mvoko	mugged	On Wednesday	in Johannesburg , South Africa		
During the incident , two men approached Mvoko and demanded his mobile phone while he stood near the Milpark hospital .	approached	two men	Mvoko			During the incident	
During the incident , two men approached Mvoko and demanded his mobile phone while he stood near the Milpark hospital .	demanded	two men	his mobile phone			During the incident	
In the video , the perpetrators never appeared to look at the camera .	never appeared	the perpetrators	to look at the camera			In the video	
During a later interview , Mvoko spoke about the incident .	spoke	Mvoko	the incident	During a later interview			
Media reported the Mississippi doctor has been working out of his Toyota Camry for about two years , making house calls to see patients .	has been	the Mississippi doctor	working out of his Toyota Camry			Media reported	
Landrum , 89 , closed his Edwards office two years ago .	closed	Landrum	his Edwards office	two years ago			
Witnesses had seen 17-year-old Hayley walking and hitchhiking in the Badgingarra area July 29 , 1999 -- the day she disappeared .	walking and hitchhiking	Hayley		July 29 , 1999	in the Badgingarra area	Witnesses had seen	
In the second set , Great Britain managed to keep the game competitive by forcing Ukraine to make more use of the full court .	managed	Great Britain	to keep the game competitive			In the second set	
The game was the first for Great Britain in the country 's history , having never qualified a team before .	was	The game	the first			Great Britain in the country 's history	
The Canadian team supported their team from the bench , chanting `` Get it out !	supported	The Canadian team	their team			from the bench	
The Canadian team supported their team from the bench , chanting `` Get it out !	chanting	The Canadian team	Get it out				
Other times , one player led the team in chanting support for their players on the court .	led	one player	the team	Other times	on the court		
Prior to the start of the game , McLachlan was the team 's dominating player in the competition .	the team 's dominating player	McLachlan		Prior to the start of the game		in the competition	
McLachlan was second in 2 point field goals made per game , at 12 .	was	McLachlan	second			in 2 point field goals made per game	
The USA took a shot at the basket from inside the paint , but missed .	took	The USA	a shot at the basket			from inside the paint	
They are trying to reduce their # 3.6 billion annual budget by # 500 million , following cuts by the coalition government .	are trying to reduce	They	their # 3.6 billion annual budget			following cuts by the coalition government	
If the sale of New Scotland Yard goes ahead , the Metropolitan Police would move to a new location on the Embankment in the Curtis Green building .	would move	the Metropolitan Police	a new location		on the Embankment in the Curtis Green building	If the sale of New Scotland Yard goes ahead	
In Maine and Maryland , voters have approved ballot measures yesterday to allow marriage between same-sex partners .	have approved	voters	ballot measures	yesterday	In Maine and Maryland		
Reports from Minnesota suggest a ballot measure that would amend the constitution to ban gay marriage has been rejected by voters .	would amend	a ballot measure	the constitution			Reports from Minnesota suggest	
Reports from Minnesota suggest a ballot measure that would amend the constitution to ban gay marriage has been rejected by voters .	has been rejected	a ballot measure				Reports from Minnesota suggest	
Rather than MPs talking to other MPs about issues in Parliament , I think MPs should be going to where people go .	should be going	MPs	to where people go			I think	
And I think we want MPs where they should be , voting in the House of Commons .	want	we	MPs where they should be			I think	
The IDF statement goes on to say that journalists were warned to `` stay clear of Hamas ' bases and facilities .	were warned	journalists	stay clear of Hamas ' bases and facilities			The IDF statement	
The group started their trip to the ISS on July 15 launching from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .	started	The group	their trip to the ISS	on July 15	the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan		
Ford was passed command of the ISS after in a change of command ceremony on Saturday .	was passed	Ford	command of the ISS	on Saturday		after in a change of command ceremony	
In October , Yousafzai was shot by Taliban forces on a school bus in Mingora , Swat District , Pakistan .	was shot	Yousafzai	by Taliban forces	In October	on a school bus in Mingora , Swat District , Pakistan		
She was given emergency treatment in Pakistan and then flown to Britain for treatment at a specialist unit which deals with injured soldiers .	was given	She	emergency treatment		in Pakistan		
She was given emergency treatment in Pakistan and then flown to Britain for treatment at a specialist unit which deals with injured soldiers .	flown	She	to Britain				
The New York Times noted that a newly-formed coalition government may improve the relationship between Netanyahu and US president Barack Obama .	may improve	a newly-formed coalition government	the relationship between Netanyahu and US president Barack Obama			The New York Times noted	
Shapiro said the US `` looks forward to working closely with next government of Israel .	looks forward to	the US	working closely with next government of Israel			Shapiro said	
RK Singh , the Indian Home Secretary indicated that the Government would still be requesting his extradition to India .	would still be requesting	the Government	his extradition to India			RK Singh , the Indian Home Secretary indicated	
The rise in unemployment could reach over 20 million across the Eurozone as the recession persists .	could reach	The rise in unemployment	over 20 million			across the Eurozone as the recession persists	
The South African Government has said Nelson Mandela , formerly a President of the country , has been readmitted to hospital .	has been readmitted	Nelson Mandela	to hospital			The South African Government has said	
The thefts reportedly took place in September and October of last year , with several area police departments involved in investigating them .	took place	The thefts		in September and October of last year			
The thefts reportedly took place in September and October of last year , with several area police departments involved in investigating them .	involved	several area police departments	investigating them				
Opponents of the bill have held demonstrations in Paris .	have held	Opponents of the bill	demonstrations		in Paris		
Larousse noted that the changed the definition based on usage rather than based on the legal status of same sex marriage .	based	the definition	usage			Larousse noted	
The earthquake occurred 600km below sea level in the Okhotsk Sea .	occurred	The earthquake	600km below sea level		in the Okhotsk Sea		
Citizens in Moscow said that the tremors were not `` really strong '' but they were enough to shake things hanging on walls .	were not	the tremors	strong			Citizens in Moscow said	
Citizens in Moscow said that the tremors were not `` really strong '' but they were enough to shake things hanging on walls .	were	they	enough to shake things		hanging on walls		
Following the attack , police armed response turned up and disarmed the two men .	turned up	police armed response				Following the attack	
Following the attack , police armed response turned up and disarmed the two men .	disarmed	police armed response	the two men			Following the attack	
Both were shot in the confrontation with police and have been recovering in hospital since the attack .	were	Both	shot			in the confrontation with police	
Both were shot in the confrontation with police and have been recovering in hospital since the attack .	have been recovering	Both	in hospital	since the attack			
Local energy companies consider the statute too costly to their industry .	consider	Local energy companies	the statute too costly to their industry				
According to Tom Norton , Mayor of Greeley , the largest city in what would be North Colorado , many people in his city are upset over the state government .	are	many people	upset over the state government			in his city	
The three most recent efforts all failed in 2011 .	failed	The three most recent efforts		in 2011			
In a statement , the company cited the death of store co-founder Ann MacCallum as primary reason for the decision .	cited	the company	the death of store co-founder Ann MacCallum as primary reason for the decision			In a statement	
Ann MacCallum was found dead at age 51 on a Lewis shingle beach in May .	was found	Ann MacCallum	dead	in May	on a Lewis shingle beach		
Eilean Siar , was opened on Cromwell Street in Stornoway during 2009 .	was	Eilean Siar	opened	during 2009	on Cromwell Street in Stornoway		
The store reportedly acted as a replacement for the Woolworths building which closed there when the group entered administration in 2009 .	acted	The store	a replacement for the Woolworths building	in 2009			
The store reportedly acted as a replacement for the Woolworths building which closed there when the group entered administration in 2009 .	closed	the Woolworths building		in 2009			
He acknowledged the devices will be situated in areas where the general public should n't be hanging around .	will be situated	the devices	in areas		where the general public should n't be hanging around	He acknowledged	
Concrete pouring is expected to take another two weeks .	is expected	Concrete pouring	take another two weeks				
The ninth edition of the World Games opened last night in Cali , Colombia 's Estadio Olmpico Pascual Guerrero .	opened	The ninth edition of the World Games		last night	in Cali , Colombia 's Estadio Olmpico Pascual Guerrero		
When Garzn apologized for President Juan Manuel Santos not being there , the public exploded in whistles of disapproval .	exploded	the public	whistles of disapproval				
When Garzn apologized for President Juan Manuel Santos not being there , the public exploded in whistles of disapproval .	apologized	Garzn	President Juan Manuel Santos				
The United States has said they will still seek military action against the Syrian regime .	will still seek	they	military action			The United States has said	
US defense secretary Chuck Hagel said the US would seek to build an `` international coalition '' .	would seek	the US	build an `` international coalition ''			US defense secretary Chuck Hagel said	
Recently there has been seismic activity , and should it explode again , it could be gigantic and devastating .	has been	there	seismic activity	Recently			
Recently there has been seismic activity , and should it explode again , it could be gigantic and devastating .	could be	it	gigantic and devastating			should it explode again	
The government has been much more pro-active in preparing for this cyclone than in the past .	has been	The government	pro-active			in preparing for this cyclone	
However , if the Indian Ocean continues to warm , it may become less rare to see high-end cyclones .	may become	it	less rare to see high-end cyclones			if the Indian Ocean continues to warm	
Taking what was reported at face value , this is a super-typhoon/cyclone .	is	this	a super-typhoon/cyclone			Taking what was reported at face value	
Katrina was actually weakening rapidly as it came ashore .	was	Katrina	weakening rapidly	as it came ashore			
My understanding from media reports is that Phalin may produce a surge of similar magnitude over a long stretch of coast .	may produce	Phalin	a surge of similar magnitude		over a long stretch of coast	My understanding from media reports	
In 1995 , in the US , we had Katrina , with an inadequate evacuation and then the levees were breached .	had	we	Katrina	In 1995	in the US		
In 1995 , in the US , we had Katrina , with an inadequate evacuation and then the levees were breached .	were	the levees	breached	In 1995	in the US		
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	is removed	the moisture source				Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land	
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	begins	the storm	dissipate			Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land	
As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .	is	this energy source	cut-off			As tropical cyclones make landfall	
As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .	lose	they	strength			As tropical cyclones make landfall	
Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose strength .	begin	it	lose strength			Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore	
It will be a miracle if lives were not lost in the blaze .	will be	It	a miracle			if lives were not lost in the blaze	
The saola is critically endangered , according to the IUCN Red List of Endangered Species .	is	The saola	critically endangered			according to the IUCN Red List of Endangered Species	
Samoan churchgoers were also statistically more likely to consume soft drinks than their non-churchgoing peers .	were	Samoan churchgoers	more likely to consume soft drinks			than their non-churchgoing peers	
These articles will spontaneously combust when exposed to the atmosphere .	combust	These articles				when exposed to the atmosphere	
It is possible that some fraction of the surface material from either layer eventually gets ejected when the end of material is reached .	gets	some fraction of the surface material	ejected			It is possible	
In a matrilineal descent system , an individual is considered to belong to the same descent group as her or his mother .	is considered	an individual	belong to the same descent group as her or his mother			In a matrilineal descent system	
The customs of bride price and dowry , that exist in parts of the world , can lead to buying and selling people into marriage .	can lead	The customs of bride price and dowry	buying and selling people into marriage			exist in parts of the world	
In some parts of the world , some governments promote a specific form of family , such as that based on traditional family values .	promote	some governments	a specific form of family		In some parts of the world		
There are some theories on emotions arguing that cognitive activity in the form of judgments , evaluations , or thoughts are necessary in order for an emotion to occur .	are	cognitive activity	necessary in order for an emotion to occur			There are some theories on emotions arguing	
Anger is , according to the model , for example produced by the combination of low serotonin , high dopamine and high noradrenaline .	is	Anger	high dopamine and high noradrenaline			according to the model	
According to one dictionary , the earliest precursors of the word likely dates back to the very origins of language .	dates	the earliest precursors of the word	very origins of language			According to one dictionary	
From the beginning , historians have also used such sources as monuments , inscriptions , and pictures .	have also used	historians	such sources as monuments , inscriptions , and pictures	From the beginning			
Saint Augustine was influential in Christian and Western thought at the beginning of the medieval period .	was	Saint Augustine	influential in Christian and Western thought	at the beginning of the medieval period			
In many cases neighbouring cultures with writing have left some history of cultures without it , which may be used .	have left	neighbouring cultures	some history of cultures			In many cases	
In all cases , only human beings have engaged in ethical reasoning .	have engaged	human beings	ethical reasoning			In all cases	
Advancements in AI have contributed to the growth of the automotive industry through the creation and evolution of self-driving vehicles .	have contributed	Advancements in AI	the growth of the automotive industry				
Throughout history , torture has been used as a method of political re-education , interrogation , punishment , and coercion .	has been used	torture	as a method of political re-education , interrogation , punishment , and coercion			Throughout history	
In this story , each blind man feels a different part of an elephant : its trunk , leg , ear , and so on .	feels	each blind man	a different part of an elephant			In this story	
It is believed that meditation will assist in managing and balancing one 's passions .	will assist	meditation	managing and balancing one 's passions			It is believed	
In Jainism , monasticism is encouraged and respected .	is	monasticism	encouraged and respected			In Jainism	
In this ara , though religion is practiced in lax and diluted form , no liberation is possible .	is practiced	religion	in lax and diluted form		In this ara		
In this ara , though religion is practiced in lax and diluted form , no liberation is possible .	is	no liberation	possible		In this ara		
In the 1960s , Noam Chomsky formulated the generative theory of language .	formulated	Noam Chomsky	the generative theory of language	In the 1960s			
Weininger committed suicide , shooting himself in 1903 , shortly after publishing the book .	committed	Weininger	suicide	shortly after publishing the book			
Weininger committed suicide , shooting himself in 1903 , shortly after publishing the book .	shooting	Weininger	himself	shortly after publishing the book			
While it is commonly assumed that Wittgenstein was a part of the Vienna Circle , in reality , this was not actually the case .	was	Wittgenstein	a part of the Vienna Circle			it is commonly assumed	
While it is commonly assumed that Wittgenstein was a part of the Vienna Circle , in reality , this was not actually the case .	was not	this	the case			in reality	
In his autobiography , Rudolf Carnap describes Wittgenstein as the thinker who gave him the greatest inspiration .	describes	Rudolf Carnap	Wittgenstein as the thinker			In his autobiography	
In his autobiography , Rudolf Carnap describes Wittgenstein as the thinker who gave him the greatest inspiration .	gave	Wittgenstein	him the greatest inspiration			In his autobiography	
Le Corbusier was heavily influenced by problems he saw in industrial cities at the turn of the 20th century .	was heavily influenced	Le Corbusier	by problems	at the turn of the 20th century	in industrial cities		
He thought that industrial housing techniques led to crowding , dirtiness , and a lack of a moral landscape .	led	industrial housing techniques	crowding , dirtiness , and a lack of a moral landscape			He thought	
In tropical regions , corals are likely to be severely affected .	are	corals	affected		In tropical regions		
According to the analysis of the FAO the overall consumption for white meat between 1990 and 2009 has dramatically increased .	has	the overall consumption for white meat	increased	between 1990 and 2009		According to the analysis of the FAO	
During the War of Saint-Sardos , Charles of Valois , father of Philip VI , invaded Aquitaine on behalf of Charles IV .	invaded	Charles of Valois	Aquitaine	During the War of Saint-Sardos			
Philip appealed to his Scottish allies to help with a diversionary attack on England .	help	his Scottish allies	a diversionary attack		on England	Philip appealed	
In France , Edward proceeded north unopposed and besieged the city of Calais on the English Channel , capturing it in 1347 .	proceeded	Edward	north		In France		
In France , Edward proceeded north unopposed and besieged the city of Calais on the English Channel , capturing it in 1347 .	besieged	Edward	the city of Calais		on the English Channel		
In France , Edward proceeded north unopposed and besieged the city of Calais on the English Channel , capturing it in 1347 .	capturing	Edward	it	in 1347			
By 1449 , the French had retaken Rouen .	had retaken	the French	Rouen	By 1449			
Talbot had been persuaded to engage the French army at Castillon near Bordeaux .	engage	Talbot	the French army		at Castillon near Bordeaux		
During the battle the French appeared to retreat towards their camp .	retreat	the French	towards their camp	During the battle			
In November 2016 a play entitled `` Yugpurush : Mahatma na Mahatma '' premiered in Mumbai , India .	premiered	a play entitled `` Yugpurush : Mahatma na Mahatma ''		In November 2016	in Mumbai , India		
In London , Gandhi studied law and jurisprudence and enrolled at the Inner Temple with the intention of becoming a barrister .	studied	Gandhi	law and jurisprudence				
In London , Gandhi studied law and jurisprudence and enrolled at the Inner Temple with the intention of becoming a barrister .	enrolled	In London	the Inner Temple				
Bere , a six-row barley currently cultivated mainly on 5-15 hectares of land in Orkney , Scotland .	cultivated	Bere	on 5-15 hectares of land		in Orkney , Scotland		
Two additional parcel on the island of Islay , Scotland were planted in 2006 for Bruichladdich Distillery .	were planted	Two additional parcel		in 2006	on the island of Islay , Scotland		
Pliny also noted barley was a special food of gladiators known as hordearii , `` barley-eaters '' .	was	barley	a special food of gladiators			Pliny also noted	
In the Northern and Southern parts of the world outbreaks occur mainly in winter .	occur	outbreaks		mainly in winter	In the Northern and Southern parts of the world		
In areas around the equator outbreaks may occur at any time of the year .	may occur	outbreaks		at any time of the year	In areas around the equator		
The World Health Organization declared an outbreak of a new type of influenza A/H1N1 to be a pandemic in June 2009 .	be	an outbreak of a new type of influenza A/H1N1	a pandemic	in June 2009		The World Health Organization declared	
However , seasonal changes in infection rates also occur in tropical regions .	occur	seasonal changes			in tropical regions	in infection rates	
And in some countries these peaks of infection are seen mainly during the rainy season .	are seen	these peaks of infection		mainly during the rainy season	in some countries		
Soon after the voyage cartographers started to depict ` Roch Island ' , honouring the discoverer .	started to depict	the voyage cartographers	Roch Island	Soon after			
James Cook was aware of la Roch 's discovery when surveying and mapping the island in 1775 .	was	James Cook	aware of la Roch 's discovery	in 1775			
There are 10 cetacean species found in the Southern Ocean ; six baleen whales , and four toothed whales .	are	There	10 cetacean species found		in the Southern Ocean		
If one does not inhale , the level of carbon dioxide builds up in the blood , and one experiences overwhelming air hunger .	builds up	in the blood				If one does not inhale	
If one does not inhale , the level of carbon dioxide builds up in the blood , and one experiences overwhelming air hunger .	experiences	one	overwhelming air hunger			If one does not inhale	
Pioneering research by Franz H Mller in 1939 demonstrated a causal link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer .	demonstrated	Pioneering research	a causal link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer	in 1939			
Radio station staffs were purged of leftists and others deemed undesirable by July 1933 .	were purged	Radio station staffs	leftists and others deemed undesirable	by July 1933			
For example , Germany refused to share their formula for synthetic oil from coal until late in the war .	refused to share	Germany	their formula for synthetic oil from coal	until late in the war			
By targeting oil refineries and factories , they crippled the German war effort by late 1944 .	crippled	they	the German war effort	by late 1944			
The caveat that the woman had to remain unemployed was dropped by 1937 due to a shortage of skilled labourers .	was	The caveat	dropped	by 1937			
The caveat that the woman had to remain unemployed was dropped by 1937 due to a shortage of skilled labourers .	had to remain	the woman	unemployed				
A prototype was displayed at the International Motor Show in Berlin on 17 February 1939 .	was	A prototype	displayed	on 17 February 1939	at the International Motor Show in Berlin		
A new organisation , the German Labour Front , was created and placed under NSDAP functionary Robert Ley .	was	A new organisation	created and placed			under NSDAP functionary Robert Ley	
The total number of Jews murdered during the war is estimated at 5.5 to six million people .	is estimated	The total number of Jews	5.5 to six million people			murdered during the war	
Throughout the 1980s , township people resisted apartheid by acting against the local issues that faced their particular communities .	resisted	township people	apartheid	Throughout the 1980s			
Weeks later , tensions came to a head in the Sharpeville Massacre , resulting in more international condemnation .	came	tensions	a head	Weeks later	in the Sharpeville Massacre		
In 1966 B J Vorster became Prime Minister .	became	B J Vorster	Prime Minister	In 1966			
In 1959 , the non-racial South African Sports Association was formed to secure the rights of all players on the global field .	was	the non-racial South African Sports Association	formed				
In 1959 , the non-racial South African Sports Association was formed to secure the rights of all players on the global field .	secure	the non-racial South African Sports Association	the rights of all players			on the global field	
In 2010 , The Guardian released South African government documents .	released	The Guardian	South African government documents	In 2010			
According to the concept of vitalism , organic matter was endowed with a `` vital force '' .	was	organic matter	endowed			According to the concept of vitalism	
During the first half of the nineteenth century , some of the first systematic studies of organic compounds were reported .	were	organic compounds	reported	During the first half of the nineteenth century			
Around 1816 Michel Chevreul started a study of soaps made from various fats and alkalis .	started	Michel Chevreul	a study of soaps	Around 1816			
The event is now generally accepted as indeed disproving the doctrine of vitalism .	is	The event	accepted			now generally	
In 2002 , 17,000 tons of synthetic indigo were produced from petrochemicals .	were	17,000 tons of synthetic indigo	produced	In 2002		from petrochemicals	
In Italy , he returned to painting .	returned	he	painting		In Italy		
Recently , this field is rapidly progressing because of the rapid development of the computer and camera industries .	is	this field	rapidly progressing	Recently			
The first Austrian film director to receive an Academy Award was Stefan Ruzowitzky .	was	The first Austrian film director	Stefan Ruzowitzky			receive an Academy Award	
Since 1998 , women volunteers have been allowed to become professional soldiers .	have been allowed	women volunteers	become professional soldiers	Since 1998			
Phytogeographically , Austria belongs to the Central European province of the Circumboreal Region within the Boreal Kingdom .	belongs	Austria	the Central European province of the Circumboreal Region		within the Boreal Kingdom	Phytogeographically	
According to the WWF , the territory of Austria can be subdivided into four ecoregions .	can be subdivided	the territory of Austria	four ecoregions			According to the WWF	
In 2007 , Austria ranked 9th worldwide in international tourism receipts .	ranked	Austria	9th worldwide	In 2007		in international tourism receipts	
In international tourist arrivals , Austria ranked 12th with 20.8 million tourists .	ranked	Austria	12th			In international tourist arrivals	
Around 340 BC , the Greek navigator Pytheas of Massalia ventured from Greece to Western Europe and Great Britain .	ventured	the Greek navigator Pytheas of Massalia	from Greece to Western Europe and Great Britain	Around 340 BC			
In the course of the 2nd century BC , Rome went on to destroy Carthage .	destroy	Rome	Carthage	In the course of the 2nd century BC			
As of 2004 , the world 's fishing fleet consisted of some 4 million vessels .	consisted	the world 's fishing fleet	some 4 million vessels	As of 2004			
On larger vessels , the chain runs through a hawsepipe .	runs	the chain	through a hawsepipe			On larger vessels	
On the Great Lakes of North America the circle is replaced with a diamond .	is replaced	the circle	with a diamond		On the Great Lakes of North America		
Almost all of today 's electronic technology involves the use of semiconductors .	involves	today 's electronic technology	the use of semiconductors			Almost all of	
In general , dopants that produce the desired controlled changes are classified as either electron acceptors or donors .	are classified	dopants	either electron acceptors or donors			In general	
For Miliband , the state is dominated by an elite that comes from the same background as the capitalist class .	is dominated	the state	an elite			For Miliband	
Lewis Latimer joined the Edison Electric Light Company in 1884 . 	joined	Lewis Latimer	the Edison Electric Light Company	in 1884			
The first kinetoscopes arrived in Belgium at the Fairs in early 1895 . 	arrived	The first kinetoscopes	Belgium	in early 1895	at the Fairs		
Edison and Ford undertook annual motor camping trips from 1914 to 1924 . 	undertook	Edison and Ford	annual motor camping trips	from 1914 to 1924			
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on	President Bush	the minimum wage	Earlier this year			
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	is	Bush	President				
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	was an increase to	President Bush's final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage	$ 4.25 an hour	over three years			
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	was an increase only if accompanied by	President Bush's final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage	a lower wage for the first six months of a job				
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	will be for	a lower wage	a job	in the first six months			
This finding indicated that organic compounds could carry current .	indicated that	This finding	organic compounds could carry current				
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .	is	Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski	an Australian footballer				
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .	plays	Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski	as a midfielder				
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .	plays	Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski	for the Newcastle Jets				
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .	have	the Newcastle Jets	midfielder				
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .	found	Mr. Baker	an opening		under the house		
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .	led to	an opening	a fume - filled coal mine		under the house		
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .	was	a coal mine	fume - filled				
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	joined	Tom Bradley	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot		at Kettering		
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	joined	Tom Bradley	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot	in 1941			
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company	Tom Bradley	as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot		at Kettering		
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company	Tom Bradley	as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot	in 1941			
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	exists	a Goods Depot	in Kettering	in 1941			
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	exists	the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company	at Kettering	in 1941			
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	exists	Tom Bradley	in 1941				
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	is	Tom Bradley	a junior clerk in the Goods Depot		at Kettering		
Tom Bradley joined the London , Midland and Scottish Railway Company as a junior clerk in the Goods Depot at Kettering in 1941 .	is	Tom Bradley	a junior clerk in the Goods Depot	in 1941			
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .	is not accepted by Muslims as	Jesus	the son				
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .	strictly maintain that Jesus was	Muslims	a human being				
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .	strictly maintain that Jesus was loved by	Muslims	God				
However , Jesus is not accepted as the son by Muslims , who strictly maintain that he was a human being who was loved by God and exalted by God to ranks of the most righteous .	strictly maintain that Jesus was exalted to ranks of the most righteous by	Muslims	God				
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine	From 1970			
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine	to 1985			
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine	until he switched over to Merck			
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	switched over to	Gideon Rodan	Merck				
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	has	the University of Connecticut	a School of Dental Medicine				
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .	began	Keibler	a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall	after a short absence			
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .	led to	a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall	the two having a match on `` Velocity ''				
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .	lost	Keibler	a match on `` Velocity ''				
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .	was brought on one knee	Walcott	in the fight	in the third round			
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .	hardly a scratch on	in the fight	Langford				
Walcott was brought on one knee in the third round and the fight ended with hardly a scratch on Langford .	ended with hardly a scratch on	the fight	Langford				
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	launched	Hezbollah	a series of rocket attacks	On 12 July 2006			
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	launched	Hezbollah	a series of rocket attacks			into Israeli territory	
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	launched	Hezbollah	a series of raids	On 12 July 2006			
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	launched	Hezbollah	a series of raids			into Israeli territory	
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	killed	a series of rocket attacks and raids	three Israeli soldiers	On 12 July 2006			
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	killed	a series of rocket attacks and raids	three Israeli soldiers			in Israeli territory	
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	captured	a series of rocket attacks and raids	a further two Israeli soldiers	On 12 July 2006			
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	captured	a series of rocket attacks and raids	a further two Israeli soldiers			in Israeli territory	
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	killed	Hezbollah	three Israeli soldiers	On 12 July 2006			
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	killed	Hezbollah	three Israeli soldiers			in Israeli territory	
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	captured	Hezbollah	a further two Israeli soldiers	On 12 July 2006			
On 12 July 2006 , Hezbollah launched a series of rocket attacks and raids into Israeli territory , where they killed three Israeli soldiers and captured a further two .	captured	Hezbollah	a further two Israeli soldiers			in Israeli territory	
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .	is first mentioned as	Courtelary	`` Curtis Alerici ''	in 968			
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .	has	Moutier-Grandval Abbey	properties				
Courtelary is first mentioned in 968 as `` Curtis Alerici '' in a list of the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey .	is of	a list	the properties of Moutier-Grandval Abbey				
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	addressed	Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU	the workers at numerous public meetings				
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	obtained	The strike	political support from the Political Affairs Committee				
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	were addressed	the workers	by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU				
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	had a	the workers	strike				
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	had	The strike	numerous public meetings				
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .	obtained	The strike	political support from Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU				
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .	parallel	US 258 and NC 122	the river north before the two routes diverge		northeast of Tarboro		
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .	parallel	US 258	the river north before diverge		northeast of Tarboro		
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .	parallel	NC 122	the river north before diverge		northeast of Tarboro		
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .	diverge	the two routes	northeast of Tarboro				
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .	diverge	US 258 and NC 122	northeast of Tarboro				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	are adapted to	A number of rare and endemic	the unique limestone limestone of the mountains				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	are	the limestone soils of the mountains	unique				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	is adapted to	the cliffdweller	the unique limestone soils of the mountains				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	is adapted to	the bristlecone cryptantha	the unique limestone soils of the mountains				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	is adapted to	Inyo rock daisy	the unique limestone soils of the mountains				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	is	cliffdweller	rare and endemic				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	is	bristlecone cryptantha	rare and endemic				
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .	is	Inyo rock daisy	rare and endemic				
These include any Assistant to the President , Deputy Assistant to the President , and Special Assistant to the President .	include	These	any Assistant to the President				
These include any Assistant to the President , Deputy Assistant to the President , and Special Assistant to the President .	include	These	any Deputy Assistant to the President				
These include any Assistant to the President , Deputy Assistant to the President , and Special Assistant to the President .	include	These	any Special Assistant to the President				
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .	was awarded	He	the Queen 's Police Medal	in 1957			
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .	has	He	the Queen 's Police Medal				
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too .	is heating up too	Competition in the sale of complete bikes					
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too .	is in	Competition	the sale of complete bikes				
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	batted	he	.260 in 64 games , primarily at second base		in the Astros		
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	primarily batted  at	he	second base		in the Astros		
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	has	he	.535 slugging percentage				
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	is in	he	the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base				
with a .535 slugging percentage , and the Astros , where he batted .260 in 64 games , primarily at second base .	batted .260 in 64 games , with a .535 slugging percentage	he	primarily at second base		in the Astros		
They are also known in Japan as `` Northern Territories '' .	are also known as	They	`` Northern Territories ''		in Japan		
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .	resigns	She	after the events of `` The Last Precinct ''	after the events of `` The Last Precinct ''			
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .	relocates to	She	Florida				
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .	becomes	She	a private forensic consultant		in Florida		
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .	had	`` The Last Precinct ''	events				
Upon exiting Davidson Township , Sullivan County , Muncy Creek enters Lycoming County and flows along the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township for several miles .	enters	Muncy Creek	Lycoming County				
Upon exiting Davidson Township , Sullivan County , Muncy Creek enters Lycoming County and flows along the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township for several miles .	exits	Muncy Creek	Davidson Township , Sullivan County				
Upon exiting Davidson Township , Sullivan County , Muncy Creek enters Lycoming County and flows along the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township for several miles .	is in	Davidson Township	Sullivan County				
Upon exiting Davidson Township , Sullivan County , Muncy Creek enters Lycoming County and flows along the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township for several miles .	flows along for several miles	Muncy Creek	the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township				
Upon exiting Davidson Township , Sullivan County , Muncy Creek enters Lycoming County and flows along the border between Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township for several miles .	is between	the border	Shrewsbury Township and Penn Township				
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	were located close to	the villages	industrial sites				
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	were generally physically separated from	the villages	the industrial sites				
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	generally consisted of	the villages	relatively high quality housing				
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	has	The RSNO	a base		at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow		
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is in	Henry Wood Hall	Glasgow				
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is also used as	The RSNO 's base	its recording venue				
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is being constructed	a new base	within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street				
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is on	the Royal Concert Hall	Buchanan Street				
Dripping can be clarified by adding a sliced raw potato and cooking until potato turns brown .	can be clarified	Dripping	by adding a sliced raw potato and cooking until potato turns brown				
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	has instituted	Nissan	flex - time work schedules	In recent years			
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	has allowed to dress casually	Nissan	employees	In recent years			
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .	has allowed to dress even in blue jeans	Nissan	employees	In recent years			
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	has	A character	a map				
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	notes	A character	some practical difficulties				
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	buy	traders	large amounts of stocks				In stock - index arbitrage
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	sell	traders	large amounts of stocks				In stock - index arbitrage
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	have offsetting trades in	traders	stock - index futures				In stock - index arbitrage
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	have offsetting trades in	traders	stock - index options				In stock - index arbitrage
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	has	stock - index	arbitrage				
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	gained	they	promotion to the First Division	in 1974			
Having returned to the Second Division at the first attempt , they gained promotion to the First Division in 1974 .	returned to	they	the Second Division at the first attempt				
He stayed for less than a year before being appointed Chief Constable of Kent in July 1946 .	stayed	He	for less than a year				
He stayed for less than a year before being appointed Chief Constable of Kent in July 1946 .	was appointed	He	Chief Constable		of Kent		
He stayed for less than a year before being appointed Chief Constable of Kent in July 1946 .	was appointed	He	Chief Constable	in July 1946			
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	has	King	many writings				
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	has	King	a grandmother				
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	often refers to	King	the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother			In many of her writings	
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	has	King's grandmother	snobbish behavior				
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	are	contradictions	comical				
In many of her writings , King often refers to the comical contradictions between the material reality of her upbringing and the snobbish behavior of her grandmother .	has	King's upbringing	material reality				
McLay also suggests that the songs negate what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy .	also suggests that the songs negate	McLay	what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy				
McLay also suggests that the songs negate what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy .	consider a comedy ending	many	`` heretical ''				
Byrom Street Cutting became a runaway catch point for runaway trains in the tunnel .	became	Byrom Street Cutting	a runaway catch point for runaway trains		in the tunnel		
Byrom Street Cutting became a runaway catch point for runaway trains in the tunnel .	is	Byrom Street Cutting	a runaway catch point for runaway trains		in the tunnel		
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	maintained	The division	defensive positions	until the offensive of 23 May			
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	was on	the offensive	23-May	23-May			
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	broke out of	The division	the beachhead	on 23 May			
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	took	The division	Cisterna	on 23 May			
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	raced to	The division	Civitavecchia	on 23 May			
The division maintained defensive positions until the offensive of 23 May , when it broke out of the beachhead , took Cisterna , and raced to Civitavecchia and Rome .	raced to	The division	Rome	on 23 May			
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	follows	The novel	Cashel Byron				
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	is	Cashel Byron	a world champion prizefighter				
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	tries to woo	Cashel Byron	wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew				
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	is	Lydia Carew	wealthy				
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	is	Lydia Carew	an aristocrat				
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	has	Cashel Byron	an illegal profession				
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .	tries to woo without revealing	Cashel Byron	his illegal profession				
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .	ordered	A different judge	the case reviewed by a higher court				
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .	was reviewed	the case	by a higher court				
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	observed	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	the practice		in Istanbul		
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	observed	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	the practice	In 1717			
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	attempted to popularize	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	the practice		in Britain		
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	attempted to popularize	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	the practice	In 1717			
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	encountered	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	considerable resistance		in Britain		
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	encountered	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	considerable resistance	In 1717			
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	was to popularize	considerable resistance	the practice		in Britain		
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	was to popularize	considerable resistance	the practice	In 1717			
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	was	Mary Wortley Montagu	a Lady				
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	is home to about 80 % of the	Wallonia	population of the French Community of Belgium				
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	is home to 80 % of the population of the French Community of	Wallonia	Belgium				
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .	is home to 80 % of the population with the remainder living in	Wallonia	Brussels				
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	have	liquid-packed vessels	thermal relief valves				
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	are generally characterized by	thermal relief valves	the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion		in liquid-packed vessels		
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	is caused by	excess pressure	thermal expansion		in liquid-packed vessels		
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	provides protection from	the valve	excess pressure caused by thermal expansion		in liquid-packed vessels		
For liquid-packed vessels , thermal relief valves are generally characterized by the relatively small size of the valve necessary to provide protection from excess pressure caused by thermal expansion .	generally have	liquid-packed vessels	relatively small thermal relief valves				
The Original Celtics were a barnstorming professional basketball team in the 1920s .	were	The Original Celtics	a barnstorming professional basketball team	in the 1920s			
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	ascends through	the student of Torah	the thought of the Pardes system				
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	become more	the interpretations	inward				
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	become more	the interpretations	spiritual				
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	becomes	it	progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts				
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .	desires	God	man 's observance of the Jewish precepts				
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .	have sharply improved	All these vehicles	Nissan 's morale				
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .	have sharply improved	All these vehicles	Nissan 's image				
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .	have n't done much for	All these vehicles	Nissan 's market share				
Just above seen is a replica of a Shiva lingam .	is seen	a replica of a Shiva lingam	Just above				
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	includes	the triangle area	Quanzhou				
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	includes	the triangle area	Xiamen				
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	includes	the triangle area	Zhangzhou				
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	speak	locals	Minnan languages		around the triangle area		
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	has had to close	Chrysler	the plants		in St. Louis		
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	has had to close	Chrysler	the plants	temporarily			
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	has had to close	Chrysler	the plants		in Toledo		
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .	has had to close	Chrysler	the plants	temporarily			
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	used	This	the section of the C&HP line		from Buxton		
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	used	This	the section of the C&HP line		as far as Parsley Hay		
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	ran	a single line	south to Ashbourne		from Parsley Hay		
This used the section of the C&HP line from Buxton as far as Parsley Hay , from where a single line ran south to Ashbourne , where it connected with the North Staffordshire Railway .	connected with	a single line	the North Staffordshire Railway		in Ashbourne		
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	is often portrayed as	this form of violence	an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships				
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	occurs in	this form of violence	lesbian relationships				
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	occurs in	this form of violence	daughter-mother relationships				
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	occurs in	this form of violence	roommate relationships				
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .	this form of violence	occurs in	domestic relationships involving two women				
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	had	the high quality housing	integrated community amenities				
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .	had	the high quality housing	attractive physical environments				
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	worry more about things becoming so unraveled on	I	the other side that they might become unable to negotiate				
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	becoming so unraveled on the	I worry more about things	other side that they might become unable to negotiate				
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	produced	The second session	Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You ''	on November 12 , 1960			
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	was	`` I 've Just Got to Forget You ''	sad and mood				
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	was taking place	The second session	on November 12 , 1960	on November 12 , 1960			
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	was	`` St. James Infirmary ''	Joe Primrose 's				
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	were produced	`` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You ''	on November 12 , 1960	on November 12 , 1960			
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .	`` I 've Just Got to Forget You ''	was	Joe Primrose 's				
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	made up of	23.8 % of all households	individuals				
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	have	13.0 % of all households	someone living alone who 65 years or older;				
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	held	He	the post as Attorney-General	until 1834			
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	was readmitted	He	in 1841	until 1834			
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	became	He	Master of the Rolls		in Ireland		
He held the post as Attorney-General until 1834 ; he was readmitted in 1841 and after serving for a year , became Master of the Rolls in Ireland .	became	He	Master of the Rolls	after serving for a year			
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	soared	Great Northern Nekoosa	$ 20.125 a share				
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	soared to	Great Northern Nekoosa	$ 62.875 a share				
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	is substantially above	Great Northern Nekoosa's $ 62.875 a share	the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering				
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	is offering	Georgia - Pacific	$ 58 a share				
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .	support	Mr. Moon 's	for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's efforts				
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors .	bolsters Du Pont 's	The latest research pact bolsters	portfolio of investments in superconductors				
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors .	are in	Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments	superconductors				
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors .	has	Du Pont	a growing of investments				
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	began	She	her film career	in 1947			
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	is	`` A New Oath ''	a film	in 1947			
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	was in	She	the film `` A New Oath ''	in 1947			
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	was in	her career	film				
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	became	Continuing duties specified for freed slaves	more common			in manumission agreements	
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	became	Continuing duties specified for freed slaves	more common	into the Hellenistic era			
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	may have been	Continuing duties specified for freed slaves	customary			in manumission agreements	
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	may have been	Continuing duties specified for freed slaves	customary	earlier			
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .	were specified for	Continuing duties	freed slaves			in manumission agreements	
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	returned to	He	Cleveland				
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	working in clubs as a	He returned to Cleveland	singer				
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	working in clubs as a	He returned to Cleveland	dancer				
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	working in clubs as a	He returned to Cleveland	comedian				
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .	often appeared in character as	He	Prince DuMarr				
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .	was captured by	The Israeli controlled sector	Israel	in the Six-Day War of June 1967			
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .	was	The sector	Israeli controlled				
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .	did n't know	A company spokesman	Mr. Wakeman 's age				
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	has killed	Voyslava	Yaromir 's bride				
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	has killed	Voyslava	Mlada				
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .	is bride of	Mlada	Yaromir				
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .	contended that	Mr. Ackerman	it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint				
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .	had efforts to gain control of	Mr. Ackerman	Datapoint				
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	named	Newport Electronics Inc.	a new slate of officers				
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	is a move that follows	Newport Electronics Inc. naming a new slate of officers	replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week				
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	had a replacement	the company 's five incumbent directors	last week	last week			
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	had	Newport Electronics Inc.	five incumbent directors				
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	were	five directors	incumbent		at Newport Electronics Inc.		
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .	is	Newport Electronics Inc.	the company				
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	is between	equality	the two vectors		in homogeneous coordinates		
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	means that	equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates	the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side		Here		
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	are	numbers	on the right side				
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	are	numbers	on the left side				
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	are equal to	the numbers on the right side	the numbers on the left side				
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	are equal up to	the numbers on the right side and the numbers on the left side	some common scaling factor formula_8				
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .	is	formula_8	some common scaling factor				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	Many lodge members	active staff members of Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	adult lodge members	active staff members of Cub Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	adult lodge members	active staff members of Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of Cub Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	Many lodge members	active staff members of Cub Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	Many lodge members	active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps				
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps				
These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .	have been included on	These tracks	CD reissues of the album `` The Plan ''	subsequently			
These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .	has	the album `` The Plan ''	CD reissues				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a free-market think tank				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a Swiss think tank				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a classical liberal think tank				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a classical libertarian think tank				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	was founded	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	in Lausanne	in January 2005			
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	was named after	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	Benjamin Constant	a writer				
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	Benjamin Constant	a political philosopher				
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	were the fathers of	Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon	the utopian socialist movement				
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	was	Henri de Saint-Simon	a French socialist				
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	believed that	Owen and Henri de Saint-Simon	the ills of industrial work relations could be removed				
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .	could be removed by the establishment of	the ills of industrial work relations	small cooperative communities				
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .	had	Mr. Achenbaum	a move				
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .	follows	Mr. Achenbaum 's move	the announcement that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , would retire				
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .	is	Mr. Achenbaum 's consulting partner	Stanley Canter				
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .	was	the announcement that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , would retire	last month				
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .	is	Stanley Canter	66 66				
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .	finally closed to	Latchford viaduct	all traffic	in July 1985			
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .	was deemed	Latchford viaduct	too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep operational	in July 1985			
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .	is at	the viaduct	Latchford				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	is	Fannie Mae	the FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are	FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par )	9.75%				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are	FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION Posted yields on standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages	8.75%				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are on	Posted yields	30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are on	Posted yields	standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are on	Posted yields	6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are for delivery within	30 year mortgage commitments	30 days				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are	mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days	30 year				
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .	are	6\/2 rate capped adjustable rate mortgages	one - year				
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .	were	Kilmacud Crokes	The previous champions	in 2005			
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .	were knocked out of	Kilmacud Crokes	the competition	in 2006 semi-final stage			
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .	were knocked out of	Kilmacud Crokes	the competition at the semi-final stage	in 2006			
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .	were knocked out of	The previous champions	the competition	in 2006			
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were able to reinforce	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	the hotel	That night			
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were able to defeat	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	several attacks on the building	That night			
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were on	several attacks	the building	That night			
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were of	300 soldiers	the 1st SS Battalion				
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink .	would be a formula for ensuring	That	even more FHA red ink				
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	develops significance as	He	a recurrent character in the series				
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	develops significance as	He	a friend to Dream				
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	is appearing in	He	a total of seven issues				
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	are spanning	a total of seven issues	six hundred years				
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	was created by	The company's two - year corporate campaign	WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit				
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	has	WPP Group	Ogilvy & Mather unit				
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	is in	Ogilvy & Mather unit	New York				
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	is expected to spend on its two - year corporate campaign	The company	about $ 30 million	a year			
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	is	The company's corporate campaign	two - year				
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	worked as	Speranskaya	chief artist		in Kazan Dolls Theatre		
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	worked as	Speranskaya	chief artist	From 1953 till 1957			
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	worked as	Speranskaya	stage-artist director		in Kazan theatres		
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	worked as	Speranskaya	stage-artist director	since 1957			
From 1953 till 1957 Speranskaya worked as chief artist in Kazan Dolls Theatre , since 1957 she worked as stage-artist director in Kazan theatres , also she was invited to other cities of Russian Federation .	was invited to	Speranskaya	other cities of Russian Federation	since 1957			
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .	was sold to	the Iowa Terminal Railroad	Dave Johnson	On April 13 , 1987			
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .	was renamed to	the Iowa Terminal Railroad	Iowa Traction Railroad	On April 13 , 1987			
On April 13 , 1987 , the Iowa Terminal Railroad was sold to Dave Johnson and renamed to Iowa Traction Railroad .	is in	the Terminal Railroad	Iowa				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	span a wide range of	His works	topics				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	are in	His works	the occult				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	are in	His works	natural history				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	are in	His works	literary criticism				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	are in	His works	biology				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	are in	His works	cartography				
His works span a wide range of topics from the occult to natural history , literary criticism , biology , cartography , and iconography .	are in	His works	iconography				
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	developed	the pair	the idea of running workshops for professional artists		in New York State		
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	developed	the pair	the idea of running workshops for professional artists	In 1981			
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	became	the idea of running workshops for professional artists	the Triangle Arts Trust				
In 1981 , when staying in New York State , the pair developed the idea of running workshops for professional artists , which became the Triangle Arts Trust .	were staying	the pair	in New York State	In 1981			
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .	is ranked sixth in terms of	the club	premierships won	currently			
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .	sees	This	the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won	currently			
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	were made for	Arrangements	mid-August performances	in 1944			
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	plot	was to assassinate	Hitler	the 20 July			
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	declared	Joseph Goebbels	total war			following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler	
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	closed	Joseph Goebbels	all theatres within the Third Reich				
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .	was not allowed	the work	a public staging				
Fishing boats and cargo ships typically have one or more cargo holds .	typically have	Fishing boats	one or more cargo holds				
Fishing boats and cargo ships typically have one or more cargo holds .	typically have	cargo ships	one or more cargo holds				
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	was founded in	the GASB	1984				
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	was founded	the GASB	11 years after the FASB				
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	was	1984	11 years after the FASB was founded				
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .	were supposed to follow unless the GASB superceded them	the government - owned entities	FASB rules	After 1984			
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	peddles	Premark International Inc.	the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator				
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	is	the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator	a stationary cycle				
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	is	the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator	$2,000				
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	peddles	Premark International Inc.	a $ 2,000 stationary cycle				
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	was Furious at	Michael	being passed over again				
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	was passed over	Michael	again				
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	secures	Michael	another job				
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	is with	another job	a rival company				
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .	plans on leaving behind for good	Michael	his family				
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	apologized to	Bond	former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves	In October 2008			
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	is	Todd Graves	a former U.S. Attorney				
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	was	Todd Graves	Attorney		of U.S.		
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	was	Todd Graves	Attorney	formerly			
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	cited Bond for forcing Graves out over	a U.S. Justice Department report	a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves				
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	forced out over a disagreement	Bond	Graves				
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	had a disagreement with	Graves	Representative Sam Graves				
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	is	Sam Graves	a Representative				
In October 2008 , Bond apologized to former U.S. Attorney Todd Graves , after a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves .	apologized	Bond	a U.S. Justice Department report cited Bond for forcing Graves out over a disagreement with Representative Sam Graves				
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .	toured extensively	He	throughout the world		throughout the world		
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .	earned	He	the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ ''				
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .	was	the marketing nickname	`` the Pavarotti of the Organ ''				
He toured extensively throughout the world , and earned the marketing nickname `` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' .	is for	`` the Pavarotti of the Organ '' nickname	marketing				
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	did offer	XM	a free month of service				
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	did offer to	XM	subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension				
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	called in	subscribers	complaints of the suspension				
XM did offer a free month of service to subscribers who called in complaints of the suspension .	has	XM	subscribers				
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .	can prevent a	The gene	a plant from fertilizing itself				
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .	can	a plant	fertilize  itself				
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .	hears	Mr. Baker	her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions proposes some explanations				
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .	hears her out,  pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and	Mr. Baker	proposes some explanations				
The first , at a severity of Mw 6.0 , occurred on May 26 , 1994 .	occurred on	The first	26-May-94				
The first , at a severity of Mw 6.0 , occurred on May 26 , 1994 .	had a severity of	The first	Mw 6.0	on May 26 , 1994			
The Federal Trade Commission began an investigation in late 1995 .	began	The Federal Trade Commission	an investigation	in late 1995			
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .	led to	Algeciras Conference	the First World War				
By the end of this experiment several results were found .	were found	several results	By the end of this experiment	By the end of this experiment			
By the end of this experiment several results were found .	had	this experiment	several results				
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	are familiar with	individuals	the situation				
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	According to	the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates	individuals familiar with the situation				
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	had	Frankfurt	a loss				
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	failed to envision	a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements	an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher long - term rates				
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	was for calculating prices on	a computer program	forward - rate agreements				
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .	were equal to or higher than	short - term rates	long - term rates			in an interest - rate environment	
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .	was	Blackburne 's statement	that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment ''				
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .	is	Blackburne 's statement	an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General				
The latter was lifted only as the b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me '' .	was lifted as the	The latter	b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me ''				
The latter was lifted only as the b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me '' .	is the b-side of	The latter	`` Keep on Loving Me ''				
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	work as	the two	partners	sometimes			
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	are	he and Stephanie	the two				
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	work as	he and Stephanie	partners	sometimes			
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	grow even closer	he and Stephanie	during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other				
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	is Robin	he					
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .	were unable to see	Robin and Ariana	each other	during a point			
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	three trips		to the clinic		
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make trips	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	past those picket lines				
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make an initial visit for	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	medical screening				
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	are eliminated	anemics					
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	are eliminated	those with previous pregnancy problems					
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make an initial visit to take	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	the pill				
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make a second trip for	a woman who used RU-486 to have abortion	the prostaglandin		to the clinic		
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make a second trip for	a woman who used RU-486 to have abortion	the prostaglandin	48 hours later			
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	is administered	the prostaglandin	via injection				
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	is administered	the prostaglandin	via vaginal suppository				
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make a third trip to make sure	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	she has completely aborted		to the clinic		
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	would have to make a third trip to make sure	a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion	she has completely aborted	a week later			
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .	is used to have	RU-486	an abortion				
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	would have	Agen	another successful run	in the 1940s			
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	defeated	Agen	Stade Bordelais 11 to 4	in the 1943 season			
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .	win	Agen	the Coupe de France	in the 1943 season			
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .	is to issue for each Deseret share held	First Security	about 0.55 share of its stock				
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .	is to issue a total of	First Security	about 550,000 First Security shares				
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .	holds	First Security	Deseret shares				
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	was	His elder brother	Conte Quinto Mazzolini				
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	served as	His elder brother	Italian consul		Jerusalem		
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	undertook negotiations with	His elder brother	Abraham Stern				
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	was	Abraham Stern	head of the Lehi terrorist group				
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	sought to obtain	the Lehi terrorist group	Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism				
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	sought to obtain	the Lehi terrorist group	Italian recognition				
His elder brother , Conte Quinto Mazzolini , served as Italian consul in Jerusalem , and undertook negotiations with Abraham Stern , head of the Lehi terrorist group , which sought to obtain Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty in Palestine in exchange for placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism .	sought to exchange placing Zionism under the aegis of Italian fascism for	the Lehi terrorist group	Italian recognition of Jewish sovereignty				
In the first volume of the series , The Noh 's nature and background is explained .	is explained In	The Noh 's nature	the first volume of the series				
In the first volume of the series , The Noh 's nature and background is explained .	is explained In	The Noh 's background	the first volume of the series				
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	are allies of	Both companies	Navigation Mixte				
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	fight against	Navigation Mixte	a hostile takeover bid	last week			
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	launched	Cie	a hostile takeover bid against Navigation Mixte	last week			
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .	temporarily solved	Algeciras Conference	First Moroccan Crisis				
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .	worsened	Algeciras Conference	tensions between Triple Alliance and  Triple Entente				
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year .	amounts to	That	more than $ 350 billion	a year			
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .	are to artificially oxygenate	Plans	areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication				
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .	have been proposed by	Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication	the University of Gothenburg				
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .	have been proposed by	Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication	Inocean AB				
Plans to artificially oxygenate areas of the Baltic that have experienced eutrophication have been proposed by the University of Gothenburg and Inocean AB .	was experienced in	eutrophication	areas of the Baltic				
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would not return to	Overseas teams	Russia	until 1998			
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	was held in	a youth tournament	Russia		in Moscow		
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	was held in	a youth tournament	Russia	in 1998			
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would return to	Overseas teams	Russia		in Moscow		
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would return to	Overseas teams	Russia	in 1998			
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would return to Russia when	Overseas teams	a youth tournament was held		in Moscow		
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would return to Russia when	Overseas teams	a youth tournament was held	in 1998			
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .	was considered to be	St. Michael	the patron saint of colonial Maryland				
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .	was honored	St. Michael	by the river being named for him				
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	are considered	office computers	standard equipment		in the U.S.		
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	are considered	office computers	standard equipment		in Western Europe		
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	that have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S.	companies	are corporations		in Japan		
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	that have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in Western Europe	companies	are corporations		in Japan		
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	have a reputation as	Japanese corporations	hi - tech powerhouses				
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	is only	Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses	half right				
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .	are in	corporations that have a reputation as hi - tech powerhouses	Japan				
He ran for Speaker of the Rhode Island House of Representatives four times .	ran for	He	Speaker of the House of Representatives		of Rhode Island		
He ran for Speaker of the Rhode Island House of Representatives four times .	ran for	He	Speaker of the House of Representatives				four times
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	were opening for	they	acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan				
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	became	they	a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s				
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	are retaining	they	a loyal following to the present day				
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .	were	they	an alternative rock band of the 1980s				
Separate berthings and heads are found on sailboats over about .	are found on	berthings	sailboats				
Separate berthings and heads are found on sailboats over about .	are found on	heads	sailboats				
Separate berthings and heads are found on sailboats over about .	are	berthings and heads	Separate		on sailboats		
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .	were	Municipal bonds	little changed to 1\/2 point higher	in late dealings			
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	was	Their performance	well received				
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	inspired Ruby Hunter to dub the trio	Their performance	Tiddas				
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	is Koori English for	Tiddas	the word sisters				
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	is	Ruby Hunter	Archie Roach 's partner				
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	has	Archie Roach	a partner				
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	had	the trio	a performance				
Their performance was well received and inspired Ruby Hunter , Archie Roach 's partner , to dub the trio Tiddas , which is Koori English for the word sisters .	was	the trio 's performance	well received				
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	squadrons	during the Korean War	during the Korean War			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	personnel	during the Korean War	during the Korean War			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	squadrons	active duty	during the Korean War			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	squadrons	active duty	during the Berlin Crisis			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	was in	the Crisis	Berlin				
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	was in	the War	Korea				
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	squadrons	during the Berlin Crisis	during the Berlin Crisis			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	personnel	during the Berlin Crisis	during the Berlin Crisis			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	personnel	active duty	during the Korean War			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	personnel	active duty	during the Berlin Crisis			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	squadrons were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Korean War			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Korean War			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	squadrons were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Berlin Crisis			
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Berlin Crisis			
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .	prorogued	Charles	parliament	on 25 June			
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .	was not disbanded	the army					
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .	worried that	Shaftesbury	the army was not disbanded				
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .	worried	the not disbanded army	Shaftesbury				
A British version of this show was developed , known as `` Gladiators : Train 2 Win '' .	was developed , known as	A British version of this show	`` Gladiators : Train 2 Win ''				
The mouse is around nine inches long , and can jump in bounds of four feet when threatened .	is	The mouse	around nine inches long				
The mouse is around nine inches long , and can jump in bounds of four feet when threatened .	can jump in bounds of	The mouse	four feet			when threatened	
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .	has tended to increase	Coke	its control		in a given country		
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .	has tended to increase	Coke	its control	when results were sluggish			
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was	His son	John Crozier Jr.				
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was killed in	His son	a feud		Grainger County		
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was killed in	His son	a feud	in the 1890s			
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was	His son	an early aviation pioneer				
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was building	His son	a human-powered flying machine	in the 1890s			
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was killed before he could complete	His son	a human-powered flying machine		in Grainger County		
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was killed before he could complete	His son	a human-powered flying machine	in the 1890s			
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .	believe	Officials	this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting				
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .	are exploiting	illegal drug businesses	a gaping loophole				
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .	are	drug businesses	illegal				
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .	is	a loophole	gaping				
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	are to add	plans	two new Infiniti models				
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	are bringing the total to	plans to add two new Infiniti models next year	four Infiniti models				
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	adds	he	Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years				
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .	wo n't show	Infiniti	profits	for at least five years			
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	is a	Dreamer	single				
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	features performances by	The single	Philippe Saisse				
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	features performances by	The single	Jasmine Roy				
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	features performances by	The single	Rebeca Vega				
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	is a	Philippe Saisse	keyboardist				
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	is a	Jasmine Roy	vocalists				
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	is a	Rebeca Vega	vocalists				
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	review of group-based data				
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	hearing screening				
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	vision screening				
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	motor screening				
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	speech/language screening				
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	review by the Special Education administration				
The fractional quantum Hall effect continues to be influential in theories about topological order .	is a	Hall effect	fractional quantum theories about topological order				
The fractional quantum Hall effect continues to be influential in theories about topological order .	continues to be	Hall effect	influential				
The fractional quantum Hall effect continues to be influential in theories about topological order .	continues to be influential in	Hall effect	theories about topological order				
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	was erected	a statue of Sir Arthur	behind the National Archives of Canada			Following his death	
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	was erected	a statue of Sir Arthur	overlooking the Ottawa River			Following his death	
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	were erected	two statues of civil servants	in Ottawa	during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister			
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	had tenure as	MacKenzie King	Prime Minister		in Canada		
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	is	a statue of Sir Arthur	one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa				
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	was erected	a statue of Sir Arthur	in Ottawa	during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister			
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	is of	a statue	Sir Arthur				
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	was	Sir Arthur	a civil servant				
Following his death , a statue of Sir Arthur was erected behind the National Archives of Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River This is one of only two statues of civil servants erected in Ottawa , both during MacKenzie King 's tenure as Prime Minister .	is in	the Ottawa River	Canada				
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .	are adjusted for	none of these figures	seasonal variations				
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .	are adjusted for	most economic indicators	seasonal variations				
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .	are Unlike	these figures	most economic indicators				
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''	readily admits	Nancy Craig	`` they 're piggybacking on our reputation ''				
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''	is	Nancy Craig	advertising manager for the Red Cross				
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''	has	the Red Cross	an advertising manager				
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues .	argues	Mr. Hatch	Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	indicated that	McCreadie	Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	indicated In	McCreadie	In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	was by	a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution	a delegate				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	was of	a proposed amendment	the party 's constitution				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	was to hold an early leadership review of	a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution	Tim Hudak				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	is	Richard Ciano	Party President				
In a proposed amendment of the party 's constitution by a delegate to hold an early leadership review of Tim Hudak , McCreadie indicated that Party President Richard Ciano should accept the same review if the motion was passed .	will be held	a leadership review of Tim Hudak	review				
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .	have approved	Four other countries in Europe	Proleukin	in recent months			
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .	are in	Four other countries	Europe				
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	included	The New York City issue	$ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity				
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	priced to yield	tax - exempt bonds	between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity				
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	priced to yield	The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds	between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity				
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	depending on	tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % ,	the maturity				
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	depending on	The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % ,	the maturity				
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were to regain	repeated attempts	the throne				
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were by	repeated attempts to regain the throne	the deposed House of Stewart		Within England		
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were by	repeated attempts to regain the throne	the deposed House of Stewart		especially Within Scotland		
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were leading to	repeated attempts to regain the throne	severe uprisings		Within England		
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were leading to	repeated attempts to regain the throne	severe uprisings		especially Within Scotland		
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	cuts a portion of	the laser	the prostate				
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	cuts Instead of ablating	the laser	the tissue				
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	is cut into	a portion of the prostate	smaller pieces	then			
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	is flushed with	a portion of the prostate	irrigation fluid	then			
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	was re-elected	he	Senator		U.S.		
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	was re-elected	he	Senator	In 1879			
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	was tipped as	he	a Presidential candidate	In 1879			
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	died suddenly	he	In 1879	In 1879			
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	died after giving	he	a speech		in Chicago		
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	died after giving	he	a speech	In 1879			
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	headed for	Boyer	Wall Street	in 1980			
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	headed for	Swanson	Wall Street	in 1980			
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	established	Boyer	laboratory credentials				
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	established	Swanson	laboratory credentials				
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .	is an	Tok Pisin	easy-to-learn languages				
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .	has had	Tok Pisin	deleterious effects on minority languages				
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .	point to	They	other easy-to-learn languages which have had deleterious effects on minority languages				
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .	ended up	December municipal futures	11\/32 point				
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .	ended to	December municipal futures	92-14				
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .	pulled off a low of	December municipal futures	91-23	in the morning			
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .	rebounded	cash municipals					
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .	were	municipal futures	December				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	is	Italy 's largest bank	State - owned BNL				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	is	BNL	State - owned				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	is in	State - owned BNL	Italy				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	has filed charges against	State - owned BNL	the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	has filed charges against	State - owned BNL	a former branch vice president				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	is	Christopher Drogoul	the branch 's former manager				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	is alleging	State - owned BNL	fraud				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	is alleging	State - owned BNL	breach of their fiduciary duties				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	had	the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul	fiduciary duties				
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .	had	a former branch vice president	fiduciary duties				
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .	was to promote into the senior team	club policy	talent				
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .	was adopted by	the senior team	Bill Dimovski				
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .	settle	The Treasury bills sold yesterday	today				
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .	were sold	Treasury bills	yesterday				
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .	is	Thursday	the standard settlement day				
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	received	She	her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation		from I.I.T Madras		
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	received	She	her Ph.d degree		from the department of Aerospace engineering		
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	is at	department of Aerospace engineering	I.I.T Madras				
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	is in	I.I.T	Madras				
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	is in the field of	her Master Degree	Controls				
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	is in the field of	her Master Degree	Guidance				
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	is in the field of	her Master Degree	Instrumentation				
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were in the shape of	all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore	leases subject to small and nominal ground rents	In colonial times			
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were reserved by	small and nominal ground rents	the Proprietary	In colonial times			
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were payable	small and nominal ground rents	annually				
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were payable at	small and nominal ground rents	Michaelmas				
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	is	Michaelmas	the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels				
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were subject to	leases	small and nominal ground rents	In colonial times			
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were	ground rents	small	In colonial times			
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .	were	ground rents	nominal	In colonial times			
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	can be applied to	The term	any vessel				
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	is	The term	turning turtle				
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	is	turning turtle	less frequent on ships than on smaller boats				
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	is	turning turtle	more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats				
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	can applied to	turning turtle	any vessel				
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .	are	boats	vessel				
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .	married	many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty	relatives				
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .	are sons-in-law of	many of the rebbes in this list	other rebbes on the list				
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .	has	the Nadvorna Dynasty	rebbes				
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .	are in	the rebbes	this list				
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .	started writing	he	full-time	In 1991			
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .	started touring	he	full-time	In 1991			
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .	still is writing	he	full-time	today			
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .	still is touring	he	full-time	today			
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	is	Steve White	One of its international specialists				
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	took a quick interest in	Steve White	Mr. Stoll 's hunt				
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	had	Mr. Stoll	a hunt				
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .	ultimately traced	Steve White	the hacker		to West Germany		
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	relies heavily on	That method	inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence				
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	was seeking to show that	He	his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence				
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	relying heavily on	He was	inductive logic to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence				
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	using	He was	That method method that relies heavily on inductive logic				
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	relies heavily on	That method	inductive logic				
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that	That method	his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence				
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .	relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit	That method	best with the evidence				
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .	are	objects	so far away				Often
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .	do not contribute significantly to	objects that are so far away	the final image				Often
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	won	he	gold medal		at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm		
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	won	he	gold medal	In 1958			
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .	were in	the 6th European Championships	Stockholm				
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	is	the S enantiomer	medicinally desirable				
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	produces	the R enantiomer	harmful health effects				
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	has	this reaction	enantioselectivity				
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .	is important because	The enantioselectivity of this reaction	only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable				
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .	could hardly care less whether	The spirits	people do believe in them				
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .	could hardly care less whether	The spirits	people do n't believe in them				
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	tracks technology stocks with	The brokerage firm	its Technology Index				
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	appreciated	its Technology Index	only 10.59 %	in the first nine months of this year			
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	has	The brokerage firm	a Technology Index				
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .	carried	it	`` Monitor ''	Later			
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .	is	`` Monitor ''	the network 's very successful weekend radio service				
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .	has	the network	a very successful radio service	on the weekend			
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	will extend to five years or 60,000 miles For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule	Mazda	the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration				
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	is for	the warranty term	engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration				
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	is due to	engine damage	abnormal engine oil deterioration				
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	has	Mazda	owners				
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	has	Mazda	warranty for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration				
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	must follow	Mazda owners	the recommended oil maintenance schedule				
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	occupied	The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff	the building	from 1949 to 1952			
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	occupied	The United States High Commissioner for Germany	the building	from 1949 to 1952			
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .	occupied	The staff of The United States High Commissioner for Germany	the building	from 1949 to 1952			
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law	state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides state pensions to	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law	surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides state pensions to	the Legislation	surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	was signed into	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney	law				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	removes	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law	the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	removes	the law	the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides state pensions to	the law	surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty				
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	signed into	Legislation	law				
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .	there would be	If the introduced surface had an ionic nature	water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals				
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .	there would be	If the introduced surface had a polar nature	water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals				
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .	are	four	sp3 orbitals				
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .	acquired	They	the Charles City Western	on December 31 , 1963			
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .	was in	the Western	Charles City				
He was born to Afro-Guyanese parents & is of Afro-Guyanese descent .	was born to	He	Afro-Guyanese parents				
He was born to Afro-Guyanese parents & is of Afro-Guyanese descent .	is of	He	Afro-Guyanese descent				
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	is of	Charles O. Givens	Mount Vernon , Ind.				
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	is in	Mount Vernon	Ind.				
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	is	Charles O. Givens	an investment broker				
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	is	Charles O. Givens	an ex - accountant				
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	is	Charles O. Givens	son of a former stable owner				
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	bred	Charles O. Givens	Tennessee Walking Horses	for six years			
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	raised	Charles O. Givens	cattle	for four years			
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	made a profit on	Charles O. Givens	Tennessee Walking Horses				never
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	made a profit on	Charles O. Givens	cattle				never
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .	helps	Zero	the band of Reploids				
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .	is Unsure of	Zero	who he is				
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .	marvel at	the band of Reploids	his skills				
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	also pulled off	The researchers	a second genetic engineering trick				
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	was the second	a genetic engineering trick					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	was in order to get	a second genetic engineering trick	male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop				
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	were to produce	male - sterile plants in large enough numbers	a commercial hybrid seed crop				
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	will be commercial	a seed crop					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	will be hybrid	a seed crop					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	is of genetic engineering	a second trick					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	will be male	plants					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	will be sterile	plants					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	will be male - sterile	plants					
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .	will be large enough to produce	numbers	a commercial hybrid seed crop				
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	is defined as	The power cepstrum of a signal	the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal				
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	has	a signal	a power cepstrum				
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	is	The power cepstrum	the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal				
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	made	He	several practical inventions				
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	was	the most notable of several practical inventions	an `` index visible filing system ''				
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	made	He	an `` index visible filing system ''				
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	patented	He	an `` index visible filing system ''	in 1913			
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	sold	He	an `` index visible filing system ''	in 1925			
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .	sold an `` index visible filing system '' to	he	Kardex Rand	in 1925			
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	had been shown to be overstretched by	The British Army	the Crimean War				
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	was	the mutiny	in India				
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	had led to the responsibility for providing	the mutiny in India	a garrison		in the subcontinent		
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	was	the subcontinent	in India				
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	will be from	responsibility for providing a garrison	the Honourable East India Company		in the subcontinent		
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	will be to	responsibility for providing a garrison	the Crown forces		in the subcontinent		
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	are networks of	community empowerment networks	a collection of local community organisations and groups		In the United Kingdom		
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	are set up by	community empowerment networks	the central government		In the United Kingdom		
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	are set up as part of	community empowerment networks	an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level		In the United Kingdom		
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	are networks of	community empowerment networks	a collection of local voluntary organisations and groups		In the United Kingdom		
In the United Kingdom , community empowerment networks are networks of a collection of local community , voluntary and third sector organisations and groups , set up by the central government as part of an initiative to foster community involvement in regeneration at a local level .	are networks of	community empowerment networks	a collection of local third sector organisations and groups		In the United Kingdom		
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	says	Mr. Wathen	the firm will be able to service debt This year				
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	says	Mr. Wathen	the firm will still turn a modest profit This year				
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	will be able to service	the firm	debt	This year			
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .	will still turn	the firm	a modest profit	This year			
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .	is	riding a unicycle	challenging				
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .	is	riding a unicycle	a balancing act				
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .	will be	Accomplishing both	a balancing act				
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .	will be as challenging as	Accomplishing both	riding a unicycle				
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	is	Mark	a Drive Time presenter				
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	is	Marisa	a Drive Time presenter				
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	made live	Mark and Marisa	the announcement				on air
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	made live	Mark and Marisa	the announcement	at 5.20 pm GMT			
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	were closed	the staff 's personal emails	shortly thereafter 10pm GMT				
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	was closed	the stations website	shortly thereafter 10pm GMT				
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	have	the staff	personal emails				
Mark and Marisa , the Drive Time presenters , made the announcement live on air at 5.20 pm GMT and both the staff 's personal emails and the stations website was closed shortly thereafter 10pm GMT .	has	the station	a website				
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	were only informed of	Staff	the decision to cease broadcasting	24 hours earlier			
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	were only informed of	Staff	the decision to cease broadcasting	at 5pm			
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	were only informed of	Staff	the decision to cease broadcasting	on the evening of 23 December			
Staff were only informed of the decision to cease broadcasting 24 hours earlier at 5pm on the evening of 23 December .	was to cease broadcasting	the decision					
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	released	Davis	about 25 singles	during his seven years with Dakar			
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	produced	Willie Henderson	Davis big R&B sellers				
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	were produced	most of Davis big R&B sellers	by Willie Henderson	during his seven years with Dakar			
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	were produced	most of Davis 25 singles	by Willie Henderson	during his seven years with Dakar			
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	were	most of Davis 25 singles	big R&B sellers	during his seven years with Dakar			
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	produced	Willie Henderson	big R&B singles				
The waist line was put higher and the skirts became longer .	was put	The waist line	higher				
The waist line was put higher and the skirts became longer .	became	the skirts	longer				
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	includes	the protocol	support groups				
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	includes	the protocol	psychotherapy				
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	the protocol also includes	For patients who do not recover quickly	support groups				
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	the protocol also includes	For patients who do not recover quickly	psychotherapy				
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .	does not end up being sexually assaulted	The narrator					
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .	instead has grabbed	The narrator	her suitcase				
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .	instead has fled	The narrator	the compartment				
The narrator does not end up being sexually assaulted ; instead , she has grabbed her suitcase and fled the compartment .	is	she	The narrator				
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	rose	Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items	12%				
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	rose to	Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items	# 135.2 million				
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	rose to	per - share earnings	five pence				
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .	rose from	per - share earnings	4.5 pence				
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	soon became	Thomas	a regular in the Arsenal side				
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	made	Thomas	his league debut		in Hillsborough		
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	made	Thomas	his league debut	on 14 February 1987			
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	was in a 1-1 draw with	his league debut	Sheffield		at Hillsborough		
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	was in a 1-1 draw with	his league debut	Sheffield	Wednesday			
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	was in a 1-1 draw with	his league debut	Sheffield		at Hillsborough		
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	was in a 1-1 draw with	his league debut	Sheffield	on 14 February 1987			
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	made	Thomas	his league debut		at Hillsborough		
Thomas soon became a regular in the Arsenal side , making his league debut on 14 February 1987 in a 1-1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough .	made	Thomas	his league debut	Wednesday			
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''	adds	He	that gold  stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''				
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''	down	gold stocks had been	so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''				
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	was trying to organise	Caro	an exhibition of British abstract art		in South African townships		
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	was trying to organise	Caro	an exhibition of British abstract art	In 1982			
In 1982 Caro was trying to organise an exhibition of British abstract art in South African townships when he met Robert Loder .	met	Caro	Robert Loder	In 1982			
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	is	The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai ,	a red giant of spectral type K2III				
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	is	Alpha Serpentis	Unukalhai				
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	is	Alpha Serpentis	the brightest star in Serpens				
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	marks	Alpha Serpentis	the snake 's heart of Serpens				
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	however delayed declaring	Charles	war				
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	was leading Shaftesbury to support	Charles' delay declaring war	a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising				
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	supported	Shaftesbury	a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising				
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	was raising	Charles	an army				
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .	will be providing for	a resolution of the House of Commons	disbanding the army that Charles was raising	immediately			
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .	were crushed	these rebellions	After the Battle of Culloden in 1746				
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	are offered	Two - and three-year programs	in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care				
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	are offered	Games and Animation Two - and three-year programs					
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	are offered	Industrial Design Two - and three-year programs					
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	are offered	Performing Arts Two - and three-year programs					
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	are offered	Information Communications Two - and three-year programs					
Two - and three-year programs are offered in various fields , through the divisions of Games and Animation , Industrial Design , Performing Arts , Information Communications , and Human Care .	are offered	Human Care Two - and three-year programs					
It is best served with laksa and homemade tauhu .	is best served with	It	laksa				
It is best served with laksa and homemade tauhu .	is best served with	It	homemade tauhu				
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .	lists it	The RIAA	as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time				
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .	is	it	an Album				
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .	is	it	one of the Best Selling Albums				
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	is	Alan	one of the crew				
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	begins to	Alan	behave strangely				
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	suggests	Pete	taking a blood sample to check				
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .	is	Pete	one of the crew				
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .	had	The far left	some good issues				
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .	did not have	The far left	good programs for dealing with issues				
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .	gave the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts to	the BSA	local councils	In 1914			
In 1914 , the BSA gave local councils the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts .	gave	the BSA	the power to segregate African Americans from white Scouts to local councils	In 1914			
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .	can be relieved only by	They	changing that system				
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .	can be relieved not by pouring	They	Western money into that system				
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .	is of	money	the West				
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	was	`` Kormoran ''	an Axis ship				
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	conducted attacks	`` Kormoran ''	in Australian waters	during 1941			
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	was	`` Kormoran ''	an Axis surface raider				
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	entered	`` Kormoran ''	Australian waters				
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	was the last Axis surface raider to enter	`` Kormoran ''	Australian waters	until 1943			
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks	`` Kormoran ''	in Australian waters	during 1941			
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	conducted attacks	an Axis ship	in Australian waters	during 1941			
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	entered	an Axis surface raider	Australian waters				
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .	is called	The brew	Miller Sharp 's				
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .	will be supported by	The brew	ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable				
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .	is in	Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable	Milwaukee				
11 million copies of the flyer were distributed to the public via an 85-newspaper distribution chain .	were distributed	the flyer	to the public				
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	will hold	President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	an informal meeting	in early December			
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	is leader of	Mikhail Gorbachev	Soviet				
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	is	an informal meeting of President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home				
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	should be given	President Bush	a political boost		at home		
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .	should be given	Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev	a political boost		at home		
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	were ensuing	mass executions	in Vietnam				
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	were ensuing	mass executions	in Cambodia				
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	is amazing	that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned					
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	do not weight more heavily on	ensuing mass executions in Vietnam	minds so morally fine - tuned				
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	do not weight more heavily on	ensuing mass executions in Cambodia	minds so morally fine - tuned				
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .	is amazing	that the ensuing mass executions in Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned					
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .	of acquiring Esperanto	The very ease	might even accelerate the process				
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .	might accelerate	the process of acquiring Esperanto					
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	lost less than a third of	the composite index	its year - to - date gains		in the market		
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	lost less than a third of	the composite index	its year - to - date gains	recently			
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	more than halved	the technology group	its year - to - date gains		in the market		
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	more than halved	the technology group	its year - to - date gains	recently			
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	had	the technology group	gains	year - to - date			
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	had	the composite index	gains	year - to - date			
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .	had a decline	the market	recently	recently			
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	also performs	The RSNO	throughout Scotland		throughout Scotland		
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Usher Hall				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Caird Hall				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Aberdeen Music Hall				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Perth Concert Hall				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Eden Court Inverness				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	is in	the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall	Scotland				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	is in	Usher Hall	Scotland				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	is in	Caird Hall	Scotland				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	is in	Aberdeen Music Hall	Scotland				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	is in	Perth Concert Hall	Scotland				
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	is in	Eden Court Inverness	Scotland				
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .	has taken on	BNL's  Georgia branch	loan commitments topping $ 3 billion				
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .	previously reported	BNL's  Georgia branch	loan commitments topping $ 3 billion				
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .	did not approve	the Rome - based management	BNL's  Georgia branch loan commitments				
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .	previously reported that its	BNL	Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval				
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .	is served by	The city	two long distance bus stations				
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .	is served by	The city	Jiaxing North bus station				
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .	is served by	The city	the new Jiaxing Transportation Center				
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .	is	Jiaxing North Bus Station	a long-distance bus station				
The city is served by two long-distance bus stations : Jiaxing North Bus Station and the new Jiaxing Transportation Center .	is	the new Jiaxing Transportation Center	a long-distance bus station				
Its bus operations were merged with another city-owned company , Suomen Turistiauto , to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne .	were merged with	Its bus operations	another city-owned company , Suomen Turistiauto , to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne				
Its bus operations were merged with another city-owned company , Suomen Turistiauto , to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne .	was merged with	Suomen Turistiauto	another city-owned company to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne				
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	contains	The ninth leaf	a circular world map				
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	is measuring in circumference	a circular world map					
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	is	a world map	circular				
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	is	The leaf	ninth				
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .	is in	FTC	Japan				
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .	says	Japan 's FTC	it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting				
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .	was allegedly discouraging from discounting	Apple	retailers				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is iconic not only for	New York City	Americans				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is also iconic for	New York City	many Europeans				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is iconic as	New York City	the city of melting pot				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	live in	many ethnic groups	the city of melting pot				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	live in	many ethnic groups	New York City				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	live often in	many ethnic groups	specific neighborhoods				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	are such as	specific neighborhoods	Chinatown				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	are such as	specific neighborhoods	Little Italy				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is in	Chinatown	New York City				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is in	Little Italy	New York City				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	are in	specific neighborhoods	New York City				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is in	Chinatown	the city of melting pot				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	is in	Little Italy	the city of melting pot				
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .	are in	specific neighborhoods	the city of melting pot				
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .	ranged from	Accepted bids	8%				
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .	ranged to	Accepted bids	8.02%				
The University of Florida however , refused to recognize BYX .	refused to recognize	The University of Florida	BYX				
Ely Cathedral was never vaulted and retains a wooden ceiling over the nave .	was never	Ely Cathedral	vaulted				
Ely Cathedral was never vaulted and retains a wooden ceiling over the nave .	retains	Ely Cathedral	a wooden ceiling		over the nave		
Ely Cathedral was never vaulted and retains a wooden ceiling over the nave .	has	Ely Cathedral	a nave				
His body was laid to rest at St. Gwynno Church in the Llanwynno forestry .	was laid to rest at	His body	St. Gwynno Church in the Llanwynno forestry				
His body was laid to rest at St. Gwynno Church in the Llanwynno forestry .	is in	St. Gwynno Church	the Llanwynno forestry				
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was reunited with	Alvarez	his family		in New York		
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was reunited with	Alvarez	his family	Five years later			
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was able	his father	to start a business		in Hoboken , New Jersey		
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was able to start	his father	a business		in Hoboken , New Jersey		
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .	packaging of	In addition , further	mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to				
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .	have reduced the effects of	In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund ,	prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to				
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .	have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest	In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund ,	monthly payments so institutions do n't have to				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are in	Japanese companies	a wide range of industries				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are in	companies in a wide range of industries	Japan				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are in	Japanese companies	heavy industry				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are	Japanese companies	securities firms				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	is from	a wide range of industries	heavy industry				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	is to	a wide range of industries	securities firms				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are increasing	Japanese companies	their market share		world - wide		
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	may rattle	the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army	foreigners				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	will be in	an even more efficient economic army	Japan				
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are increasing	Japanese companies in heavy industry	their market share		world - wide		
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .	are increasing	Japanese companies that are securities firms	their market share		world - wide		
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .	has undergone	This church	a radical transformation	in 1885			
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .	is of	This church	medieval origin				
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .	is a	This church	building				
El Camino High School offers the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California that illustrates the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work .	offers	El Camino High School	the recommended A-G courses				
El Camino High School offers the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California that illustrates the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work .	are based upon	the recommended A-G courses	the University of California				
El Camino High School offers the recommended A-G courses based upon the University of California that illustrates the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work .	illustrate	the recommended A-G courses	the minimum level of academic preparation students ought to achieve in high school to undertake university level work				
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .	is being stalked by	the company	General Motors				
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .	is being stalked by	the company	Ford				
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .	was an impediment to	the British government	a takeover of the company				
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .	effectively removes as an impediment to a takeover of the company	The announcement	the British government				
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	was regained by	It	Syria	on October 6 , 1973			
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	was	the first day of the Yom Kippur War	6-Oct-73				
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	was following	the Yom Kippur War	the First Battle of Mount Hermon				
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .	was regained by	It	Syria	following the First Battle of Mount Hermon			
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	made	Trek	only traditional road bikes	previously			
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	says	Trek 's president , Dick Burke	`` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike ''				
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	is	Trek 's president	Dick Burke				
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	has	Trek	president				
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	was	the Japanese pilot 's funeral	Callaghan 's decision	in 1945			
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	had a	the Japanese pilot	funeral	in 1945			
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	would receive praise	Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral	years later				
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	attracted controversy	a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri ''	in April 2001				
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	had a	the Japanese pilot	memorial service aboard the `` Missouri ''	in April 2001			
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	literature		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	religion		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	customs		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	national dress code		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	the monastic practices of the monasteries		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	music		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	dance		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	the media		of Bhutan		
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in	The culture of Bhutan	the capital city				
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	could acquire	He	a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm				
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	had spent	many of loyal Pinkerton 's employees	their entire careers with the firm				
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	could eliminate	he	a competitor				
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .	get	he could	the name recognition he 'd wanted				
In 1845 , he was chosen Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench .	was chosen	he	Chief Justice of the Court of Queen 's Bench	In 1845			
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .	is offered by	It	the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp.				
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .	is offered in	It	the one - year maturity only				
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .	are of	the flagship banks	New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp.				
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .	is in	Manufacturers Hanover Corp.	New York				
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	proposed a cut to	Officials	70.9 billion rubles			in the defense budget	
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	proposed a cut to	Officials	70.9 billion rubles	this year			
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	is	70.9 billion rubles	US$ 114.3 billion				
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	proposed a cut from	Officials	77.3 billion rubles			in the defense budget	
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	proposed a cut from	Officials	77.3 billion rubles	this year			
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	is	77.3 billion rubles	US$ 125 billion				
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	proposed as well large cuts in	Officials	outlays for new factories	this year			
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .	proposed as well large cuts in	Officials	outlays for equipment	this year			
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .	had	Hill	responsibility for an army of 30,000 men	After the British capture of Madrid			
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .	are in	the couple	Monroe , Conn.				
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .	is in	Monroe	Conn.				
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .	are	the Monroe , Conn. couple	perfect demons When it comes to busting ghosts				
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .	bust	the Monroe , Conn. , couple	ghosts				
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	was	Attack Squadron 725	One of the better units based at NAS		in Glenview		
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	was	Attack Squadron 725	One of the better units based at NAS	in the post-WWII period			
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	was part of	Attack Squadron 725	NARTU		in Glenview		
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	was part of	Attack Squadron 725	NARTU	until 1970			
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	was redesignated as	Attack Squadron 725	Attack Squadron 209	in 1970			
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	became part of	Attack Squadron 725	Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY	from 1970 onward			
One of the better units based at NAS Glenview in the post-WWII period was Attack Squadron 725 , part of NARTU Glenview until 1970 , when it was redesignated as Attack Squadron 209 and became part of Carrier Air Wing Reserve TWENTY from 1970 onward .	was based at	Attack Squadron 725	NAS Glenview	in the post-WWII period			
Until its 2007 acquisition by Tavistock Group , Freebirds World Burrito had its corporate headquarters in College Station .	had an acquisition by	Freebirds World Burrito	Tavistock Group	in 2007			
Until its 2007 acquisition by Tavistock Group , Freebirds World Burrito had its corporate headquarters in College Station .	had	Freebirds World Burrito	corporate headquarters		in College Station		
Until its 2007 acquisition by Tavistock Group , Freebirds World Burrito had its corporate headquarters in College Station .	had	Freebirds World Burrito	corporate headquarters	Until 2007			
Passengers for or should change at Twyford during off peak .	should change at	Passengers	Twyford	during off peak			
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	was converted into	the very different STA	a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger ''	Later			
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	was converted into	the STA	a flightworthy orbiter				
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	was converted and re-designated	the STA	OV-099				
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	was converted and christened	the STA	`` Challenger ''				
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	was	the flightworthy STA	re-designated the OV-099 and christened `` Challenger ''				
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .	was christened	the flightworthy and re-designated STA	`` Challenger ''				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	many largely recognized shapes				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	many largely recognized gestures				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains as well	This font	some recognized world symbols				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	are such as	recognized world symbols	the Star of David				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	are such as	recognized world symbols	the symbols of the zodiac				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	are such as	recognized world symbols	index signs				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	are such as	recognized world symbols	manicle signs				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	are such as	recognized world symbols	obscure ampersands				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	the Star of David				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	the symbols of the zodiac				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	index signs				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	manicle signs				
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .	contains	This font	obscure ampersands				
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .	is	FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP.	Freddie Mac				
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .	Posted yields on	FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP.	30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days				
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	has been able to improve By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas	Coke	bottlers ' efficiency				
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	has been able to improve By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas	Coke	bottlers ' production				
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	has been able to improve in some cases By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas	Coke	bottlers ' marketing				
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	was acquiring stakes in	Coke	bottling companies		in the U.S.		
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	are	bottling companies	in the U.S.				
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	are	bottling companies	overseas				
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .	was acquiring stakes in	Coke	bottling companies		overseas		
Passenger services on the line were terminated on 31 December 1954 .	were terminated on	Passenger services	the line	on 31 December 1954			
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	says that	Sikorsky	factors outside their control caused problems with the Comanche				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	says that	Sikorsky	team dysfunctionality did not cause problems with the Comanche				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	says that	Boeing	factors outside their control caused problems with the Comanche				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	says that	Boeing	team dysfunctionality did not cause problems with the Comanche				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	are like	factors outside their control	budget cuts				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	are like	factors outside their control	`` requirement creep ''				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	are like	factors outside their control	a long development period				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	were with	problems	the Comanche				
Sikorsky and Boeing say that factors outside their control , like budget cuts , `` requirement creep , '' and a long development period caused problems with the Comanche and not team dysfunctionality .	was	the Comanche development period	long				
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .	is	`` Billboard ''	a magazine				
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .	ranked the album	`` Billboard '' magazine	thirty-second			in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s	
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .	was placing the album	`` Billboard '' magazine	twelfth			in the R&B field	
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .	was of	the album	the 2000s				
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .	was	`` Billboard '' magazine recap	decade-end				
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	ran daily on	`` Video Concert Hall  ''	USA Network	from 1978 to 1981			
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	ran daily on	`` Video Concert Hall ''	USA Network on a seemingly arbitrary schedule	from 1978 to 1981			
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	is appearing on	`` Video Concert Hall ''	early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike	for durations ranging from one to four hours			
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	ran daily on USA Network	`` Video Concert Hall ''	for durations ranging from one to four hours				
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on	`` Video Concert Hall ''	a seemingly arbitrary schedule				
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	is appearing on early morning , daytime, late night , and early evening timeslots alike for	`` Video Concert Hall ''	durations ranging from one to four hours				
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule	`` Video Concert Hall ''	appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours				
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .	is appearing on	`` Video Concert Hall ''	early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours				
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .	also provides to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis	The district	recreation services				
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .	also provides to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis	The district	leisure services				
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .	agreed to pay	Chugai	$ 6.25 a share				
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .	agreed to pay for	Chugai	Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding				
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .	agreed to pay on	Chugai	a fully diluted basis				
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .	had	Gen - Probe	17.6 million common shares outstanding				
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	hosts	The lodge	fellowship events				
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	hosts	The lodge	conclaves				
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	hosts	The lodge	training events				
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	hosts	The lodge	an annual family banquet				
The lodge also hosts fellowship events , conclaves , training events , and an annual family banquet , and supports the council activities at Council-run events .	supports	The lodge	the council activities at Council-run events				
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .	is working In `` The Scarpetta Factor ''	she	full-time		in New York		
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .	is working In `` The Scarpetta Factor ''	Wesley	part-time		in New York		
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .	is In	she	`` The Scarpetta Factor ''				
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .	is In	Wesley	`` The Scarpetta Factor ''				
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	won	the Brumbies	47 to 38		at Canberra Stadium		
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	won	the Brumbies	47 to 38			this time	
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	won in front of	the Brumbies	a record crowd		at Canberra Stadium		
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	won in front of	the Brumbies	a record crowd			this time	
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .	has no history of typewriter use Because	Japan	the Japanese alphabet is so huge				
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .	remains a common affliction especially among	keyboard allergy	older workers				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	appeared in	Dangaioh 's characters	Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	appeared in	Dangaioh 's mecha	Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	appeared in	Dangaioh 's storyline elements	Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	are	`` Super Robot Wars ''	games				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	has	Banpresto	`` Super Robot Wars '' games				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	has	Dangaioh	characters				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	has	Dangaioh	mecha				
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .	has	Dangaioh	storyline elements				
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .	is expected to	the state	draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund				
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .	currently stands at	the gubernatorial emergency fund	an estimated $ 700 million				
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .	has as much as	the state	$ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid				
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .	is expected to draw from	Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state	a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently  stands at an estimated $ 700 million				
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	were	275	Roman Catholic				
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	were	26.10%	Roman Catholic				
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	is	275	26.10%				
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	belonged to	624	the Swiss Reformed Church				
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	belonged to	59.30%	the Swiss Reformed Church				
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .	is	624	59.30%				
Porter wrote in 1980 that strategy target either cost leadership , differentiation , or focus .	wrote that strategy target either	Porter	cost leadership	in 1980			
Porter wrote in 1980 that strategy target either cost leadership , differentiation , or focus .	wrote that strategy target either	Porter	differentiation	in 1980			
Porter wrote in 1980 that strategy target either cost leadership , differentiation , or focus .	wrote that strategy target either	Porter	focus	in 1980			
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .	is tighter	The supply					
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .	experienced civil engineers	The supply is of					
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .	are experienced	civil engineers					
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .	will concentrate on , among others	He	J.P. Morgan				
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .	will concentrate on , among others	He	Hyundai				
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .	will concentrate on	He	others				
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .	are	Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. ,	still more common than PCs		in Japan		
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .	are still more common	Machines	than PCs		in Japan		
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .	would be to use	A better alternative	the Smith-Waterman algorithm				
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .	was officially named as	Tuqiri	a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne				in the Australian squad for the Four Nations
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .	was officially named as	Tuqiri	a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne	On 19 October 2010			
On 19 October 2010 , Tuqiri was officially named in the Australian squad for the Four Nations as a replacement for the injured Jarryd Hayne .	was injured	Jarryd Hayne					
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	have been hammered on	New York bonds	the pending supply		in recent weeks		
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	have been hammered on	New York bonds	reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker	in recent weeks			
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	rose	New York bonds	1\/2 point	yesterday			
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	are of	bonds	New York				
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	are that	reports	the city 's economy is growing weaker				
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	is	the city	New York				
It 's recommended to have only two males and a dozen or so females .	is recommended to have	It	only two males				
It 's recommended to have only two males and a dozen or so females .	is recommended to have	It	a dozen or so females				
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	According to available information have well-established linkages with	the Maoists of Nepal	Indian revolutionary communist organizations				
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	According to available information have well-established linkages primarily with	the Maoists of Nepal	the Communist Party of India				
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	According to available information are leading	the Maoists of Nepal	a protracted `` people 's war ''		throughout the subcontinent		
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .	According to available information are leading	the Maoists of Nepal	a protracted `` people 's war ''	currently			
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	the enhancement of skills and competitive strength of	Its objective is	faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students		at their campuses		
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	to organize in-service	Its objective is	Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions		at their campuses		
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	to organize	Its objective is	workshops and local and international conferences		at their campuses		
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of	Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions	faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students		at their campuses		
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .	for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of	workshops and local and international conferences	faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students		at their campuses		
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	personal English as a second language		at his home in Brighton		
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	personal English as a second language		at his home in Brighton		
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	tuition on a live-in basis		at his home in Brighton		
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	tuition on a live-in basis		at his home in Brighton		
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	personal English as a second language	When the band is not touring			
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	personal English as a second language	When the band is not touring			
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	tuition on a live-in basis	When the band is not touring			
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	tuition on a live-in basis	When the band is not touring			
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	has his home	Peter Bywaters	in Brighton				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	the U.S.				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	Japan				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	Britain				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	West Germany				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	Canada				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	France				
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .	consists of	G-7	Italy				
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	just want	We	a plan that satisfies creditors				
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	just want	We	a plan that leaves a healthy Revco				
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	will satisfy	a plan	creditors				
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	will leave	a plan	a healthy Revco	at the end			
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .	has	The company	$ 1 billion in debt				
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .	is filed with	$ 1 billion in company debt	the Securities and Exchange Commission				
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	suffered	the company	a public relations embarrassment	In November 1998			
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	featured	the company's sales flyer	a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words	In November 1998			
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	had a	the company	sales flyer				
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	were playing	two grinning boys	the board game `` Scrabble ''				
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	were grinning	two boys					
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	was spelled out in	the word `` RAPE ''	the center of the `` Scrabble '' board				
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	is	`` Scrabble ''	a board game				
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	was buried amongst	the word `` RAPE ''	nonsense words		in the center of the `` Scrabble '' board		
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	is	`` RAPE ''	a word				
In November 1998 , the company suffered a public relations embarrassment when its sales flyer featured a prominent photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board , buried amongst nonsense words .	was prominent	a photograph of two grinning boys playing the board game `` Scrabble '' with the word `` RAPE '' spelled out in the center of the board	on the company's sales flyer				
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .	heads	Mr. Baker	the Kentucky Association of Science and Skeptics				
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	was built	the Canal de l'Ourcq	during the Napoleonic era				
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	was built	the Canal de l'Ourcq	Centuries later				
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	was built	the Canal de l'Ourcq	in 1806				
Centuries later , in 1806 , during the Napoleonic era , was built the Canal de l'Ourcq , destined to the inland navigation when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks .	is destined to the inland navigation	the Canal de l'Ourcq	when the Marne river is not navigable because of temporary sandbanks				
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .	will have to sell or merge	The RTC	hundreds of insolvent thrifts	over the next three years			
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .	are	hundreds of thrifts	insolvent				
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .	ended in light trading from	Mortgage securities	2\/32 higher				
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .	ended in light trading to	Mortgage securities	4\/32 higher				
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .	was	trading	light				
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .	are on	securities	Mortgages				
Instead of having system calls specifically for process management , Plan 9 provides the codice_13 file system .	provides	Plan 9	the codice_13 file system				
Instead of having system calls specifically for process management , Plan 9 provides the codice_13 file system .	is Instead of having	the codice_13 file system	system calls specifically for process management				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is	His main power	the Omega Beam				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is	the Omega Beam	a form of energy				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is a form of that he fires from	the Omega Beam	his eyes				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	fires from his eyes as	the Omega Beam	a concussive force				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	fires from his eyes as	the Omega Beam	disintegrating energy				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of transmuting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	living objects				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of erasing	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	living objects				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of transmuting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	organisms				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of erasing	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	organisms				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of resurrecting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	living objects				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of resurrecting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	organisms				
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	depending on the	the Omega Beam	dark lord 's will				
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	thus retroactively re-designated	Rockwell	the MPTA				
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	thus retroactively re-designated	NASA	the MPTA				
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	was retroactively re-designated as	the MPTA	MPTA-098				
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	was retroactively re-designated as	the MPTA	MPTA-098				
Rockwell and NASA thus retroactively re-designated the MPTA as MPTA-098 , though it was never christened with a name .	though , was never christened with	MPTA-098	a name				
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	is	Maduveya Vayasu	a song				
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	is from	Maduveya Vayasu song	nanjundi kalyana				
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	was a track played during	Maduveya Vayasu song	marriages		in Kannada		
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .	was a track played during	Maduveya Vayasu song	marriages	for many many years			
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	had	Kabul	textile industries				
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	had	Kabul	cotton production industries				
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	had	Kabul	carpet production industries				
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	lost	Kabul	tourism	during its destruction			
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	had	Kabul	destruction				
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	came through	most of its economy	tourism		in Kabul		
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	are in	textile industries	Kabul				
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	are in	cotton production industries	Kabul				
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .	are in	carpet production industries	Kabul				
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	is that	The problem	Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas				
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	weigh so heavily on	the coming months	Mr. Salinas				
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	make decisions with	Japanese businesses	a view well beyond the coming months				
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	are in	businesses	Japan				
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .	is	Dangaioh	an adventure game				
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .	was released for	An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game	the PC-8801		in Japan		
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .	was released for	An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game	the PC-8801	in April 1990			
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	is struggling to dismantle	Congress	the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988				still
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	is unpopular	the Catastrophic Care Act of 1988					
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	is of	the Catastrophic Care Act	1988				
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	boosted benefits for	the Catastrophic Care Act of 1988	the elderly				
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .	taxed to pay for the new coverage	the Catastrophic Care Act of 1988	the elderly				
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .	added	these analysts	The buyers could be foreign concerns				
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .	added	these analysts	The buyers could be other U.S. concerns				
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .	could be	The buyers	foreign concerns				
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .	could be	The buyers	other U.S. concerns				
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	was	the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger	the main organ	From 1698			
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	was	the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger	the main organ	to 1843			
From 1698 to 1843 the famous organ built by Arp Schnitger , one of the Baroque period 's best known organ makers was the main organ .	was	Arp Schnitger	one of the best known organ makers	in the Baroque period			
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	outnumbered	Declining issues	advancers				
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	numbered	Declining issues	551				
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	numbered	advancers	349				
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	were unchanged	224 issues					
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	numbered	unchanged issues	224				
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	outnumbered	551 Declining issues	349 advancers				
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .	attributed	Mr. Mehl	the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase				
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	Instead awoke	he	when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992				
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	Instead awoke	he	seven years too early				
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	hit	a smaller meteorite	the Earth	in 1992			
Instead he awoke when a smaller meteorite hit the Earth in 1992 , seven years too early .	hit	a smaller meteorite	the Earth	seven years too early			
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .	has been seeking from Mr. Hunt	The IRS	more than $ 300 million in back taxes				
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage .	are available to cope with	SKILLED WORKERS aplenty	earthquake damage				
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage .	was from	damage	earthquake				
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage .	are	SKILLED WORKERS	aplenty				
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	caught	Sidney Rice	the game winning touchdown	On October 14 , 2012			
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	caught a 46-yard pass from	Sidney Rice	Russell Wilson	On October 14 , 2012			
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	were beat	the New England Patriots	24-23	On October 14 , 2012			
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	beat	the game winning touchdown	the New England Patriots	On October 14 , 2012			
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .	was from	a 46-yard pass	Russell Wilson	On October 14 , 2012			
Thus , any event that would minimize such a surface is entropically favored .	that would minimize such a surface is	any event	entropically favored				
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	used	she	theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks			in her stage show	
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	are	the fan dance and balloon dance	established burlesque routines				
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	was in a	she	stage show				
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	has n't decided	Mitsubishi Estate	how it will raise the funds for the purchase				
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	are due in cash	the funds for the purchase	next April				
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	are estimated to have	the Marunouchi holdings alone	a market value from as much as 10 trillion yen				
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	are estimated to have	the Marunouchi holdings alone	a market value to as much as 11 trillion yen				
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .	are in	the holdings	Marunouchi				
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .	was opened to carry	Latchford viaduct	the London and North Western Railway's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal	on 8 July 1893			
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .	to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to	Latchford viaduct	Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal	on 8 July 1893			
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .	was opened to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over	Latchford viaduct	the Manchester Ship Canal	on 8 July 1893			
Latchford viaduct was opened on 8 July 1893 to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal .	was opened	Latchford viaduct	to carry the London and North Western Railway 's Stockport to Warrington line over the Manchester Ship Canal	on 8 July 1893			
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	is	Roison-Candy	an Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture				
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	was established by	Roison-Candy	Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group	At the end of 2008			
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .	is	Roison Electronics	an Uzbek Limited Liability Company				
The weapons do not influence the other racers at all .	do not influence at all	The weapons	the other racers				
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	Excluding the special editions , came in	the Ram SRT-10	three colors	2004-2005			
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	came in	the Ram SRT-10	Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat	2004-2005			
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	came in	the Ram SRT-10	Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat	2004-2005			
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	came in	the Ram SRT-10	Flame Red Clear Coat	2004-2005			
Excluding the special editions , the 2004-2005 Ram SRT-10 came in three colors : Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl Coat , Bright Silver Metallic Clear Coat , and Flame Red Clear Coat .	has	the Ram SRT-10	special editions	2004-2005			
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	was appointed as	Senchuk	governor of		the Lviv region		
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	was appointed as	Senchuk	governor of	On 15 January 1999			
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .	combined	Senchuk	two posts	for some time			
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was founded as	The school	the German-English Academy		in Milwaukee		
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was founded by	The German-English Academy	a group of Milwaukee German Americans		in Milwaukee		
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	The Milwaukee German Americans	a group		in Milwaukee		
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	Peter Engelmann	an educationist		in Milwaukee		
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	William Frankfurth	a hardware wholesaler		in Milwaukee		
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	included	The group	Peter Engelmann and William Frankfurth		in Milwaukee		
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was founded as	The school	the German-English Academy	in 1851			
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was founded by	The German-English Academy	a group of Milwaukee German Americans	in 1851			
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	The Milwaukee German Americans	a group	in 1851			
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	Peter Engelmann	an educationist	in 1851			
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	William Frankfurth	a hardware wholesaler	in 1851			
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	included	The group	Peter Engelmann and William Frankfurth	in 1851			
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	became	Sligo town	an incorporated municipal borough	then			
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	had	Sligo town	a Royal Charter				
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	was issued by	a Royal Charter	the British King James I	in 1613/14			
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	was	Sligo	a town				
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	is in	King James I	Britain				
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	is	King James I	British				
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period .	was on sales of	an operating loss of $ 1.9 million	$ 27.4 million	in the year - earlier period			
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period .	compared with	That	an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	saw their relations with the gods in	Greek pagans	political terms				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	saw their relations with the gods in	Greek pagans	social terms				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	saw their relations with the gods in	Roman pagans	political terms				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	saw their relations with the gods in	Roman pagans	social terms				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	had relations with	Greek pagans	the gods				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	had relations with	Roman pagans	the gods				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	scorned	Greek pagans	the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	scorned	Roman pagans	the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	trembled with fear at	the man	the thought of the gods				constantly
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	might fear	a slave	a cruel master				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	might fear	a slave	a capricious master				
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .	trembled with fear as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master at	the man	the thought of the gods				constantly
The neighborhood comprises an older industrial and residential harbor front area along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George .	comprises	The neighborhood	an older industrial harbor front area		along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George		
The neighborhood comprises an older industrial and residential harbor front area along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George .	comprises	The neighborhood	an older residential harbor front area		along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George		
The neighborhood comprises an older industrial and residential harbor front area along the Kill Van Kull west of St. George .	is	the Kill Van Kull	west of St. George				
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .	came under	The department	grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka	in 1992			
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .	had	Government of Karnataka	a grant-in-aid scheme				
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .	was of	the Government	Karnataka				
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .	adopted On a 394 - 21 roll call	the House	the underlying transportation measure				
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .	was underlying	the transportation measure					
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .	had	the House	a 394 - 21 roll call				
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .	cited	Mrs. Marcos	The second marital privilege				
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .	protects	The second marital privilege	confidential communications between spouses				
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .	are between	confidential communications	spouses				
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	was	a firewall	ahead of the wing center section				
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	were located	the fuel tanks	in the wing center section				
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	was protected from	The cockpit	the engine				
The cockpit was protected from the engine by a firewall ahead of the wing center section where the fuel tanks were located .	was protected by	The cockpit	a firewall				
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	is	Bill Bryson	an author				
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	is	`` At Home ''	a book	of 2010			
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	has	author Bill Bryson	2010 book `` At Home ''				
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	suggests	author Bill Bryson	Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic			In his 2010 book `` At Home ''	
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	is	Fowler 's Solution	a so-called complexion improver				
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	is made from	Fowler 's Solution	dilute arsenic				
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	was	Siddal	a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution				
In his 2010 book `` At Home '' , author Bill Bryson suggests Siddal may have suffered from poisoning , because she was a `` devoted swallower '' of Fowler 's Solution , a so-called complexion improver made from dilute arsenic .	may have suffered from	Siddal	poisoning				
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .	will be in	redevelopment work	the remaining subway				
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .	would probably obliterate	redevelopment work	what remains exist		in the remaining subway		
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .	was expected that	it	redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist	In 2004			
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	praise for his devotion to ` Ali	The Shi'a	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr				
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	praise for his resistance to all the other caliphs	The Shi'a	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr				
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	believe to be usurpers	The Shi'a	all the other caliphs				
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .	is	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr	a caliph				
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .	is called	the Future Vertical Lift prototype	SB-1 Defiant				
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .	will work	employees from both companies	together				
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .	are teaming up again	The two companies	for the Future Vertical Lift prototype				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	buried at	Blanche	Three Rivers cemetery				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	buried at	several members of the Blick family	Three Rivers cemetery				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	buried at	Roderick	Three Rivers cemetery				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	buried at	Martha Burnham Burleigh	Three Rivers cemetery				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	buried at	`` Pete '' Ingram	Three Rivers cemetery				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	survived	`` Pete '' Ingram	Shangani Patrol massacre				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	survived	Burnham	Shangani Patrol massacre				
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .	survived	the Montana cowboy	Shangani Patrol massacre				
This is usually caused by interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator .	is usually caused by	This	interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator				
This is usually caused by interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator .	are interacting in	inductive and capacitive elements	the oscillator				
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .	is scheduled to fall to	The debt ceiling	$ 2.8 trillion	at midnight tonight			
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .	is scheduled to fall from	The debt ceiling	$ 2.87 trillion	at midnight tonight			
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .	has	debt	a ceiling				
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	shows her with	The final panel of the series	a mask similar to Madame Masque				
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	shows her angrily refusing to see	The final panel of the series	Spider-Man				
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	blames for her scars	she	Spider-Man				
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	is angrily refusing since	she	she blames Spider-Man for her scars				
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	has	Madame Masque	a mask				
The final panel of the series shows her with a mask similar to Madame Masque , angrily refusing to see Spider-Man since she blames him for her scars .	is shown with	she	a mask similar to Madame Masque				
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .	had been at	He	the Battle of the Granicus River				
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .	had believed that	He	Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work at the Battle of the Granicus River				
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .	had	Memnon	a scorched Earth strategy				
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .	was developed	an early form of vaccination	several thousand years ago		in China		
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .	is known as	an early form of vaccination	variolation				
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .	was developed	variolation	several thousand years ago		in China		
Hoechst 33342 exhibits a 10 fold greater cell-permeability than H 33258 .	exhibits	Hoechst 33342	a 10 fold greater cell-permeability than H 33258				
Hoechst 33342 exhibits a 10 fold greater cell-permeability than H 33258 .	exhibits a 10 fold greater cell-permeability than	Hoechst 33342	H 33258				
This releases some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water , leading to an increase in entropy .	releases	This	some of the water molecules		into the bulk of the water		
This releases some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water , leading to an increase in entropy .	is leading to	This	an increase in entropy				
This releases some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water , leading to an increase in entropy .	is leading to	releasing some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water	an increase in entropy				
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	would have to wait to play	The Bears	another international	until 2000			
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	played	The Bears	France	in 2000			
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .	played in the lead-up to	The Bears	the 2000 Rugby League World Cup	in 2000			
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	are mainly located in	Historical buildings	the old city		in Meaux		
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	are mainly located in	monuments	the old city		in Meaux		
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	are mainly located in the old city inside	Historical buildings	the old defensive walls		in Meaux		
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	are mainly located in the old city inside	monuments	the old defensive walls		in Meaux		
Historical buildings and monuments in Meaux are mainly located in the old city , inside the old defensive walls , still nowadays partially kept thanks to an important segment of the original surrounding wall from the Gallo-Roman period .	is from	an important segment of the original surrounding wall	the Gallo-Roman period				
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .	flooded	This `` 1-in-200 year event ''	major intersections				
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .	damaged	This `` 1-in-200 year event ''	residential properties				
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .	flooded	This `` 1-in-200 year event ''	major underpasses				
This `` 1-in-200 year event '' flooded major intersections and underpasses and damaged both residential and commercial properties .	damaged	This `` 1-in-200 year event ''	commercial properties				
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	were	broader market indexes	virtually unchanged				
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	outnumbered	declining issues	gainers		on the New York Stock Exchange		
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	numbered	declining issues	774		on the New York Stock Exchange		
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	numbered	gainers	684		on the New York Stock Exchange		
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .	outnumbered	774	684				
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .	confronts	the player	a boss	At this point			
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .	is usually	the boss	considerably larger than regular enemies	At this point			
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .	is usually	the boss	considerably tougher than regular enemies	At this point			
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .	is	Arminius	leader of the Cherusci				
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .	is	Arminius	leader of the allies				
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .	had	Arminius	a free hand				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	asked to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests	Kesey 's son Zane	Matthew Rick	In 2005			
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	is son of	Zane	Kesey				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	has	Kesey	a son				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	is a friend of	Matthew Rick	Zane				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	is also known as	Matthew Rick	Shady Backflash				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	is father of	Kesey	Zane				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	had	Kesey	Acid Tests				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	had	Zane 's father	Acid Tests				
In 2005 , Kesey 's son Zane asked a friend , Matthew Rick , also known as Shady Backflash , to put on a 40th anniversary of his father 's Acid Tests .	will be having	his father 's Acid Tests	a 40th anniversary	In 2005			
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	further stated that	He	Hauptmann looked different				
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	further stated that	He	`` John '' was actually dead				
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	further stated that	He	`` John '' had been murdered by his confederates				
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	had	`` John ''	confederates				
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	showed up with	He	a carpenter 's level				
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	carefully measured	He	every surface				
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured	He	every surface				
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	showed	He	how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective				
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	was caused by	the apparent shrinkage	the perspective				
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	announced a Kickstarter to fund	Zane	a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip	In April 2014			
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	announced a Kickstarter to fund	Derek Stevens	a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip	In April 2014			
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	was friend of	Derek Stevens	Zane				
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	announced along with	Zane	friend Derek Stevens	In April 2014			
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	were offered	donors	a chance to ride the famous bus				
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	was	the famous bus	a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip				
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	were offered	donors	a chance to ride on a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip				
In April 2014 , Zane , along with friend Derek Stevens , announced a Kickstarter to fund a 50th anniversary Furthur Bus Trip , offering donors a chance to ride the famous bus .	had	Furthur Bus	a 50th anniversary	In 2014			
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .	includes	It	thirty-two elementary schools				
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .	includes	It	nine middle schools				
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .	includes	It	ten high schools				
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .	includes	It	one charter school				
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .	painted	Millais	daily into the winter				
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .	was putting to warm the water	Millais	lamps		under the tub		
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .	was putting to warm the water	Millais	lamps	into the winter			
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	slashes	Crime Master	her	when he finds out about this			
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	finds out about	Crime Master	this				
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	alerts that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments	she	the FBI	before passing out			
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	was passing out	she					
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .	has	Otto Octavius	inhumane experiments				
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	were with chemical sprays damaging	problems	plants ' female reproductive organs				
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	was for	concern	the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans				
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	was for	concern	the toxicity of such chemical sprays to animals				
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	was for	concern	the toxicity of such chemical sprays to beneficial insects				
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .	have	plants	female reproductive organs				
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	has offered for the book 's return	Ms. Shere	a $ 500 reward				
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	figures	Ms. Shere	she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch				
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .	has	the book	many recipes				
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was separated from	He	his family	the Cuban Revolution			
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was sent to	He	the United States				
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was sent to the United States to live with	he	a foster family				
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through	He	an outreach program				
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was	He	a young boy	the Cuban Revolution			
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was placed in	his father	a Cuban prison	the Cuban Revolution			
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	had a	He	foster family				
He was separated from his family as a young boy during the Cuban Revolution when he was sent to the United States to live with a foster family through an outreach program while his father was placed in a Cuban prison .	was in	He	an outreach program				
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .	was priced at	151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes $ $	99.75				
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .	consisted of	The first part	$ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes				
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .	were  priced at	the senior subordinated reset notes	99.75				
During the language shift , however , the receding language A still influences language B .	still influences	the receding language A	language B				
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was renamed	the municipality	Jones	In 1918			
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was renamed in honor of	the municipality	American congressman William Jones	In 1918			
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was	William Jones	a congressman		of America		
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	authored	American congressman William Jones	the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916				
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was of	the Philippine Autonomy Act	1916				
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	provided for	the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916	greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule				
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was under	the Philippines	American colonial rule				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	chose to accept	The Tsar	the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	is	Peter Kharitonov	Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	was accept as	the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov	the basis for the new constitution				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	chose to accept	The Tsar	the draft as the basis for the new constitution				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov as	The Tsar	the basis for the new constitution				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	chose to accept	The Tsar	the draft by Peter Kharitonov as the basis for the new constitution				
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .	chose to accept as the basis for the new constitution	The Tsar	the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov				
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .	obtained by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid	Henry Letheby	a partly conductive material	In 1862			
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to	surged ahead of	Advancing issues	decliners		on the Big Board		
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to	surged	Advancing issues	1,111		on the Big Board		
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	is	The Crybaby	the twelfth album by Melvins				
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	was released through	The Crybaby	Ipecac Recordings	in 2000			
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	is	The Crybaby	the last part of a trilogy				
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	is	`` The Maggot ''	part of a trilogy				
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	is	`` The Bootlicker ''	part of a trilogy				
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	is	`` The Crybaby ''	part of a trilogy				
The Crybaby is the twelfth album by Melvins , released in 2000 through Ipecac Recordings , and the last part of a trilogy : `` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby . ''	is	The trilogy	`` The Maggot , '' `` The Bootlicker '' and `` The Crybaby ''				
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .	is	Amber Wing	Australian				
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .	was the first woman	Amber Wing	to land a ts fs wake to wake 900				
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	opened	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	a line from	on 12 April 1913			
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	opened	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	a line to	on 12 April 1913			
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	opened	The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust	a line along	on 12 April 1913			
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	is in	Alcand Street	St Kilda				
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .	is in	Hawthorn Road	Caulfield North				
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	is	Erasistratus	The doctor				
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	is suffering	Antiochus					
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	suspects love is behind	The doctor	Antiochus 's suffering				
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	introduced	Haile Selassie	a revised constitution	in November 1955			
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	retained	Haile Selassie	effective power while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body	in November 1955			
During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955 , Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution , whereby he retained effective power , while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body .	were	Haile Selassie celebrations of his Silver Jubilee	in November 1955	in November 1955			
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .	are also understood to	environmental factors	contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships				
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .	are also understood to contribute heavily to	environmental factors	the strength of intimate relationships				
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	were re-imagined in	Edwards 's early years	the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars ''				
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	was published by	`` Robotech : From the Stars ''	WildStorm				
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	is	`` Robotech : From the Stars ''	a comic book mini-series				
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	were seen in	Edwards 's early years	Comico 's graphic novel				
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	had	Comico	a graphic novel				
In line this with , Edwards 's early years , as seen in Comico 's graphic novel , were re-imagined in the comic book mini-series , `` Robotech : From the Stars '' , published WildStorm .	had	Edwards	early years	early years			
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .	is	J.E. `` Buster '' Brown	a State Senator		in Texas		
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .	is	J.E. `` Buster '' Brown	a Republican				
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .	is running for	J.E. `` Buster '' Brown	attorney general				
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .	introduced	J.E. `` Buster '' Brown	the bill				
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .	is	J.E. Brown	`` Buster ''				
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .	was made largely of	The body	lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar				
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .	is known for its	carbon fiber and Kevlar	strength				
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .	is	carbon fiber and Kevlar	lightweight				
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .	was made of	The body	carbon fiber and Kevlar				
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	did however permit	The Nazis	a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg				
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	was	a single dress rehearsal	in Salzburg				
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	was conducted by	a single dress rehearsal	Clemens Krauss		in Salzburg		
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	was conducted by	a single dress rehearsal	Clemens Krauss	on 16 August			
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	was in order that	a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg	Strauss could hear the work performed				
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	was in order that	a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg	an invited audience could hear the work performed				
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	could hear	Strauss	the work performed		at a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg		
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	could hear	Strauss	the work performed	on 16 August			
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	could hear	an invited audience	the work performed		at a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg		
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	could hear	an invited audience	the work performed	on 16 August			
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	does not oppose	Byers	the concept of global citizenship				
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	criticizes	Byers	potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it				
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	criticizes	Byers	the potential implications that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''				
Byers does not oppose the concept of global citizenship , however he criticizes potential implications of the term depending on one 's definition of it , such as ones that provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	are	provide support for the `` ruthlessly capitalist economic system that now dominates the planet . ''	potential implications of global citizenship				
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .	uses	Each of the programs	a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants				
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .	are described	the combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements	on the foundation 's web site		on the foundation 's web site		
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	play in	Local football team Ammanford A.F.C.	the Welsh Football League Second Division				
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	play in	rugby union team Ammanford RFC	the Welsh Rugby Union leagues				
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	were formed in	rugby union team Ammanford RFC	1887				
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	is	Ammanford A.F.C.	a Local football team				
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .	is	Ammanford RFC	a rugby union team				
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	was able to control	He	his animal instincts				
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	had	He	a second mutation He				
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	has	He	animal instincts				
He was also able to more easily control his animal instincts after this second mutation .	was also able to more easily control	He	his animal instincts				
A year later , he was appointed Attorney-General for Ireland and on this occasion was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland .	was appointed	he	Attorney-General for Ireland	A year later			
A year later , he was appointed Attorney-General for Ireland and on this occasion was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland .	was sworn of	he	the Privy Council of Ireland	A year later			
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	hosts	It	the `` Zomercarnaval ''				
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	is the second largest	the `` Zomercarnaval ''	Caribbean carnival		in Europe		
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	was originally called	the `` Zomercarnaval ''	the Antillean carnival				
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	is in	the `` Zomercarnaval ''	Europe				
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	has	the agency	2,750 staff members				
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	are working on	230 Of the agency 's staff members	actual projects		in the field		
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	are working on	staff members Of the agency	literacy research projects		in the field		
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	are working on	staff members Of the agency	oceanographic research projects		in the field		
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	are such as	actual projects	literacy research				
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .	are such as	actual projects	oceanographic research				
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .	is being laid for	the ground	the arrest of opposition activists				
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .	will be on the ground of	the arrest of opposition activists	terrorism				
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .	are perpetuating	such myths					
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .	in perpetuating such myths	It is possible that	the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism				
Hence it can be represented by the integer notation .	can Hence be represented by	it	the integer notation				
In 1891 , the academy moved to the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee .	moved to	the academy	the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee	In 1891			
In 1891 , the academy moved to the German-English Academy Building in downtown Milwaukee .	is in	the German-English Academy Building	downtown Milwaukee		downtown Milwaukee		
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	is with	Deseret	about $ 100 million in assets				
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	is the parent of	Deseret	the Deseret Bank				
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	has	the Deseret Bank	six offices				
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	has	the Deseret Bank	headquarters		at Pleasant Grove , Utah		
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .	is in	Pleasant Grove	Utah				
In England , emphasis was placed on the orientation of the chapels to the east .	was placed on	emphasis	the orientation of the chapels to the east		In England		
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .	went out	the lamps	On one occasion				
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .	became icy cold	the water	On one occasion				
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	probably saw active service as	He	a soldier for the Scottish forces		in The Netherlands		
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	probably saw active service as	He	a soldier for the Scottish forces	in the later 1570s			
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	is there	no certain documentary evidence	of this				
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	is there	no certain documentary evidence	that He saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s				
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	introduced to the Pathfinder line	The 2005 model	a third row of seats				
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	was in	a third row of seats	the Pathfinder model	in 2005			
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	cross	US 258 and the two state highways	the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard		at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit	US 258 and the two state highways	US 64		onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	cross	US 258	the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard		at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	cross	the two state highways	the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard		at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	cross	US 258	the Tar River		on the freeway		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	cross	the two state highways	the Tar River		on the freeway		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	goes to	US 64	Mutual Boulevard		at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville		
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	has	Princeville	a river				
US 258 and the two state highways cross the Tar River on the freeway , then exit US 64 onto Mutual Boulevard at a partial interchange on the east side of the river in Princeville .	has	Princeville	a Mutual Boulevard				
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .	was erected in	A large gravestone	1866				
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .	was erected in	A large gravestone	over 100 years after his death	over 100 years after his death			
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	as well studied	Charles	divinity books				
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	was hunting	Charles					
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	was fishing	Charles					
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	had concerns about being able to declare	Charles	his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England				
Charles had concerns about being able to declare his belief in all the dogmas of the Church of England , so as well as hunting and fishing , he studied divinity books .	had	the Church of England	dogmas				
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .	caused	The use of high ranking , anonymous sources	the Plame Affair				
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .	has caused	The use of high ranking , anonymous sources	numerous scandals for the Bush Administration				
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .	has had	the Bush Administration	numerous scandals				
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .	was a	the Plame Affair	scandals for the Bush Administration				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	direct taxes				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	indirect taxes				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	tax credits				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	drug smuggling				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	money laundering				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases involving	It	United Nations trade sanctions				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases involving	It	conflict diamonds				
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases involving	It	CITES				
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	heads	The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property	one of the departments in those local governments that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance		in New Jersey		
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	operate under	local governments	the Walsh Act form of municipal governance		in New Jersey		
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	is of	the Walsh Act form	municipal governance				
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	is of	The Commissioner	Parks				
The Commissioner of Parks and Public Property heads one of the departments in those local governments in New Jersey that operate under the Walsh Act form of municipal governance .	is of	The Commissioner	Public Property				
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	has	Moon	Tong'Il industry conglomerate				
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	is investing heavily	Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate	in China		in China		
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	is investing heavily	Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate	now	now			
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	have	church accountants	high hopes of expanding		in China		
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	have	church accountants	high hopes of attracting converts		in China		
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	have high hopes even in the wake of	church accountants	the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square				
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	was in	the bloody massacre	Tiananmen Square				
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .	is in	Tiananmen Square	China				
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .	is part of	Warner	Warner Communications Inc.				
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .	is in the process of being acquired by	Warner Communications Inc.	Time Warner Inc				
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981		In England		
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981		In Wales		
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	the Criminal Attempts Act	of 1981				
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment		In England		
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment		In Wales		
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is as	attempted murder	an `` attempt ''				
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	moreover pulled in protest of the suspension	some sponsors	their advertising				
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .	had	some sponsors	advertising				
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	is also known for	He	his `` Aramata Collection ''				
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	is	his `` Aramata Collection ''	a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries	from the 18th and 19th centuries			
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	houses	his `` Aramata Collection ''	rare books from the 18th century	from the 18th and 19th centuries			
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	houses	his `` Aramata Collection ''	rare books from the 19th century	from the 18th and 19th centuries			
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	are from	rare books	the 18th century				
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	are from	rare books	the 19th century				
He is also known for his `` Aramata Collection '' , a private library housing thousands of rare books from the 18th and 19th centuries .	has	He	`` Aramata Collection ''				
For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .	are surrounding	the clathrate-like baskets	such hydrophobic particles				
For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .	merge	the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them	when two such hydrophobic particles come very close	when two such hydrophobic particles come very close			
For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .	are	the baskets surrounding them	clathrate-like				
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	was personally involved	Dr. Jagan	in the organization of the strike				
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	helped to raise	Dr. Jagan	funds across the country				
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	were raise	funds	across the country		across the country		
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	has been	the division	a rural seat				
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	has been fairly safe for	the division	the National Party				
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .	held	the National Party	the seat for all but six years	from 1922 to 2004			
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas .	have growing proportions of youths	the Pacific Basin countries	unlike Europe and the U.S.				
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas .	are	growing proportions of youths	the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas		in the Pacific Basin countries		
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas .	are	populations	aging		in  Europe and the U.S.		
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .	worked as	he	an Elvis impersonator	after leaving			
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .	worked as	he	an Elvis impersonator	for a short time			
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .	tried to find	he	acting jobs	after leaving			
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .	report	some doctors	temporary headaches				
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .	have conducted	some doctors	hours of tests on themselves				
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .	report	some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves	temporary headaches				
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .	founded	Frowin	the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception				
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .	was erected into	the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception	an abbey	in 1881			
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	is at	The northern terminus of this section	Senai Airport Interchange				
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	is near	The northern terminus of this section	Senai Airport				
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	is near	Senai Airport Interchange	Senai Airport				
The northern terminus of this section is at Senai Airport Interchange near Senai Airport , while it shares the same Kilometre Zero with the main link .	shares the same Kilometre Zero with	The northern terminus of this section	the main link				
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	is doing	The IRS	intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets	already			
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	already is doing	The IRS	intensive TCMP audits of returns for 1987 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets				
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	already is doing	The IRS	intensive TCMP audits of returns for fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets				
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	were filed by	returns	corporations with under $ 10 million in assets	for 1987			
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .	were filed by	returns	corporations with under $ 10 million in assets	for fiscal 1988			
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .	have been at odds over	they	how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold				
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .	will have sold	Mr. Hunt	his assets				
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .	would owe	Mr. Hunt	the government				
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	was appointed	He	Commander of the Order of the British Empire	in 1948			
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	was knighted	He	Coronation Honours	in 1953			
He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1948 Queen 's Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 1953 Coronation Honours .	is	He	Commander of the Order of the British Empire				
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	included as a common usage word	the Oxford English University Press	Makaton		in the Oxford English Dictionary		
In 2004 the Oxford English University Press included Makaton as a common usage word in the Oxford English Dictionary .	included as a common usage word	the Oxford English University Press	Makaton	In 2004			
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	may be a	Japan	tough market				
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate	Japan					
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	may be	Japan	a tough market for outsiders to penetrate				
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .	is hopelessly behind	the U.S.	Japan in certain technologies				
The machine employs reduced instruction - set computing , or RISC , technology .	employs	The machine	reduced instruction set computing technology				
The machine employs reduced instruction - set computing , or RISC , technology .	employs	The machine	RISC technology				
The machine employs reduced instruction - set computing , or RISC , technology .	employs	The machine	reduced instruction - set computing or RISC , technology				
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .	was said to have made	He	bombs for fun		on the outskirts of Murray , Utah		
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .	were said to have made	his friends	bombs for fun		on the outskirts of Murray , Utah		
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	specializes in	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Life Science				
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	specializes in	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Physical Science				
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	specializes in	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Engineering				
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	specializes in	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Mathematics				
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	specializes in	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Computer Networking				
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	specializes in	Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy	Computer Programming				
Montgomery Blair 's Science , Math , and Technology Academy specializes in : Life Science , Physical Science , Engineering , Mathematics , Computer Networking , and Computer Programming .	has	Montgomery Blair	a Science , Math , and Technology Academy				
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .	is necessary to climb	It	embankments				
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .	is necessary to cross	climbing embankments	some roads where former bridges have been filled in				
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .	have been filled in	former bridges	at some roads		at some roads		
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .	could also help	it	companies		in America		
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .	could also help	it	American companies				
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .	also are starting to try to open	American companies	the market				
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .	had developed	He	a hatred for the hacker				
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .	had developed	He	a grudging appreciation of the federal  `` spooks '' who make national security their business				
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating - point operations every second .	can process	The computer	13.3 million calculations	every second			
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating - point operations every second .	are called	13.3 million calculations	floating - point operations				
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .	would eagerly seize	Lawyers	on the provision in their death - penalty appeals				
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .	says	Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team	Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals				
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .	was part of	The clause	an agreement				
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .	accepted as long as no other labor group got a raise	pilots	a substantial pay cut				in an agreement
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .	was	the unadjusted total of all new construction	$ 199.6 billion	Through the first nine months of the year			
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .	was flat compared with	the unadjusted total of all new construction	a year earlier	a year earlier			
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .	was flat compared with	the unadjusted total of all new construction	a year earlier	a year earlier			
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .	is named	Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip	in his honour				
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .	is	Butters Drive	in the Canberra suburb of Phillip		in the Canberra suburb of Phillip		
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are of	enthusiastic young `` Moonies ''	the Nixon era				
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are enthusiastic	`` Moonies '' of the Nixon era					
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are young	`` Moonies '' of the Nixon era					
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are faithful to	`` Moonies ''	Father Moon				
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are	Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon	parents	now			
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are producing by procreation	Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon	new members	now			
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .	are producing rather than by conversion	Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon	new members	now			
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	has joined	he	Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow	Afterward			
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	is	Academy of Tomorrow	a school for gifted beings				
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .	has	Emma Frost	a school for gifted beings				
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .	became	she	very ill	after this			
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	ousted	China 's parliament	two Hong Kong residents				
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	is drafting	a panel	a new constitution for the colony				
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	is in	the parliament	China				
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .	are of	the two residents	Hong Kong				
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''	Instead proposed	he	a `` law - governed economy ''				
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''	would be	there	a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management ''				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	could Moreover help reassure its investors	such a sale	Armstrong				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	could Moreover deter	such a sale	the Belzbergs				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	own	the Belzbergs	a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	is in	the company	Lancaster , Pa.				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	is in	Lancaster	Pa.				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	has	Armstrong	investors				
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	is	Armstrong	the company		in Lancaster , Pa.		
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .	is defined as	cob	a short-legged , stout horse				
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .	is	cob	a body type				
However , the term cob , defined as a short-legged , stout horse , is a body type rather than a breed .	is a body type rather than	cob	a breed				
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .	rallied in	Stock prices	the market				
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .	broke	the Georgia - Pacific bid	the market 's recent gloom				
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .	was in	gloom	the market	recently			
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .	had	Georgia - Pacific	a bid				
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .	adds	Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc.	70 people	this year			
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .	adds in retail	Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc.	60 people	this year			
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .	adds to	Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc.	its 1,300 - member staff	this year			
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	are	Courtaulds textile operations	divested				
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	has	Courtaulds	textile operations				
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	had operating profit of	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	# 50 million	in the year ended March 31			
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	had operating profit on	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	# 980 million in revenue	in the year ended March 31			
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	reads	she	the articles				
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	makes	she	veiled references relating to the slang use of `` beaver ''				
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	makes	she	innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver ''				
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	would rise from	the minimum wage	the current $ 3.35 an hour				
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	would rise to	the minimum wage	$ 4.25 an hour	by April 1991			
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	is	the minimum wage	$ 3.35 an hour	currently			
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	will be	the minimum wage	$ 4.25 an hour	by April 1991			
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	would rise Under	the minimum wage	the agreement with the House and Senate leaders				
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .	is with	the agreement	the House and Senate leaders				
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .	failed to reach	steel exports	the year - earlier level	in September			
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .	failed to reach	steel exports	the year - earlier level	for the 10th consecutive month			
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .	was	September	the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level				
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	is working with	the SUNY team	more potent magnetic brain stimulators				
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	are working with	researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass.	more potent magnetic brain stimulators				
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	are at	researchers	the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass.				
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	is in	the National Magnet Laboratory	Cambridge , Mass.				
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	are working with	Both	more potent magnetic brain stimulators				
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .	are	magnetic brain stimulators	more potent				
The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart is closely connected with the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M .	is closely connected with	The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart	the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M				
The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart is closely connected with the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M .	is closely connected with	the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart	the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M				
On U.S. - Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .	'm encouraged On	I	U.S. - Japan relations				
On U.S. - Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .	are of	relations	U.S. - Japan				
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .	says	Salomon Brothers	`` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off				
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	was	Spielberger	Chairman of the Psychology Department		at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida		
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	was	Spielberger	Chairman of the Psychology Department	formerly			
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	belonged to	Spielberger	a think tank		at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida		
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	belonged to	Spielberger	a think tank	in 2012			
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	is in	University of South Florida	Tampa , Florida				
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	is in	Tampa	Florida				
Spielberger was formerly Chairman of the Psychology Department at the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida and in 2012 belonged to a think tank there .	is at	a think tank	the University of South Florida in Tampa , Florida				
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	was born	Hiester	in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania	on July 17 , 1749			
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	was the son of	Hiester	German immigrant Daniel Hiester				
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	was the son of	Hiester	German immigrant Catherine Shuller Hiester				
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	is in	Montgomery County	Pennsylvania				
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	was	Daniel Hiester	a German immigrant				
Hiester was born in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania on July 17 , 1749 , the son of German immigrants Daniel and Catherine Shuller Hiester .	was	Catherine Shuller Hiester	a German immigrant				
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .	have been training for	Some	months				
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .	left	others	active status	only recently			
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	are buying	More big Japanese investors	U.S. mortgage - backed securities				
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	is reversing	More big Japanese investors buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities	a recent trend				
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	was	a trend in buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities	recent				
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	are in	big investors buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities	Japan				
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	are	mortgage - backed securities	U.S.				
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .	chose a	He	path of confrontation				
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .	chose a	He	path of conflict				
The Aura spacecraft has a mass of about 1,765 kg .	has a mass of	The Aura spacecraft	about 1,765 kg				
The Aura spacecraft has a mass of about 1,765 kg .	is	The Aura	a spacecraft				
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .	has created	A dam on the creek	a lake covering				
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .	has created	A dam on the creek	a lake covering for fishing				
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .	has created	A dam on the creek	a lake covering for boating				
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .	has created	A dam on the creek	a lake covering for swimming				
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .	have crossed	About 800	the picket lines				
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .	have returned	About 800	to work				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	were	The railways	separate				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	were	The railways	the S&D and the North Somerset				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	were administered by	The railways	the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the Great Western Railway				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	was administered by	The S&D	the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	was run by	The North Somerset	the Great Western Railway				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	was then owned by	The North Somerset	the Great Western Railway				
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .	were	The companies	the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway and the Great Western Railway				
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .	is revealed to be	X	the leader of Neo Arcadia				
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .	confronts	Zero	X				
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .	is of	the leader	Neo Arcadia				
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	unsuccessfully proposed that	she	city council should establish a home for poor women	In 1577			
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	would become	she	the administrator of a home for poor women				
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .	unsuccessfully proposed to	she	the city council	In 1577			
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .	was awarded	the degree `` Doctor of Divinity ''	in 1892	in 1892			
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .	awarded	DePauw University	the degree `` Doctor of Divinity ''	in 1892			
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	operate based upon	Big Gun clubs	a loose confederation				
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	operate Unlike	Big Gun clubs	Fast Gun clubs				
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	do not operate based upon	Fast Gun clubs	a loose confederation				
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	reserves the ability to establish	each Big Gun club	its own rules				
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	reserves the ability to maintain	each Big Gun club	its own rules				
Unlike Fast Gun clubs , Big Gun clubs operate based upon a loose confederation , with each club reserving the ability to establish and maintain its own rules , provided that they coincide with the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat .	must coincide with	rules of each Big Gun club	the spirit of Big Gun Model Warship Combat				
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .	points up	The poll	some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do				
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .	are between	some inconsistencies	what people say and what they do				
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	is Standing in contrast to	it	Descartes 's scientific reductionism				
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	is Standing in contrast to	it	Descartes 's philosophical analysis				
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	has	Descartes	scientific reductionism				
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	has	Descartes	philosophical analysis				
Standing in contrast to Descartes 's scientific reductionism and philosophical analysis , it proposes to view systems in a holistic manner .	proposes to view systems in	it	a holistic manner				
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	were born in	The majority of the population of Leigh	England				
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	were born	2.10 % of the population of Leigh	elsewhere within the United Kingdom		elsewhere within the United Kingdom		
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	were born within	0.95 % of the population of Leigh	the rest of the European Union				
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	were born	1.47 % of the population of Leigh	elsewhere in the world		elsewhere in the world		
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	is in	England	the European Union				
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .	is in	the United Kingdom	the European Union				
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	attributed the decline to	A federation official	brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion		in Japan		
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	has	Japan	a continuing economic expansion				
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	attributed the decline to brisk demand from	A federation official	domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion		in Japan		
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by	A federation official	continuing economic expansion		in Japan		
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	comes from	A lot of brisk demand	from domestic industries backed by continuing  economic expansion		in Japan		
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	is backed by	brisk demand from domestic industries	continuing economic expansion		in Japan		
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	set out to duplicate scientifically	Bioengineers	that feat				
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	set out to duplicate commercially	Bioengineers	that feat				
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	set out to duplicate that feat with	Bioengineers	new life forms				
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	were able	ex-slaves	to own property outright				
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	were	ex-slaves children	free of all constraint				
But ex-slaves were able to own property outright , and their children were free of all constraint .	had	ex-slaves	children				
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	usually consisted of	Hill corps	William Stewart 's 2nd Division		at Vitoria		
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	usually consisted of	Hill corps	William Stewart 's 2nd Division		in Wellington 's invasion of southern France		
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	usually consisted of	Hill corps	the Portuguese Division		at Vitoria		
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	usually consisted of	Hill corps	the Portuguese Division		in Wellington 's invasion of southern France		
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	usually consisted of	Hill corps	Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division		at Vitoria		
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .	usually consisted of	Hill corps	Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division		in Wellington 's invasion of southern France		
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .	opened	New Tomorrowland	in 1967	in 1967			
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .	was	New Tomorrowland	this ride				
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .	occupied	New Tomorrowland	space				
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .	was turned into	the space that this ride occupied	the Tomorrowland Stage	When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967			
There are 109 individuals who belong to another church , and 20 individuals did not answer the question .	belong to	109 individuals	another church				
There are 109 individuals who belong to another church , and 20 individuals did not answer the question .	did not answer	20 individuals	the question				
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .	also had little effect on	that development	traders ' sentiment				
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .	had	traders	sentiment				
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .	common closed at	Nekoosa	$62.88	Yesterday			
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .	common closed up	Nekoosa	$20.13	Yesterday			
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .	common closed on volume of	Nekoosa	almost 6.3 million shares	Yesterday			
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .	was at	composite trading	New York Stock Exchange				
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	was born in	Hofmann	Salt Lake City , Utah				
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	was born	Hofmann	in Salt Lake City , Utah		in Salt Lake City , Utah		
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .	approved a plan for	Voorhees	artificial turf field	in 2010			
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .	approved a plan for an $ 850,000	Voorhees	artificial turf field	in 2010			
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .	to be	artificial turf field	completed	by 2011			
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .	are	All officers	equipped with less-lethal weapons				
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .	are for	less-lethal weapons	use against threats that do not justify firearms response				
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	switched to	Davis	the major Columbia record label	Soon afterwards			
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	recorded	Davis	seven albums	over the next five years			
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	recorded with	Davis	producer Leo Graham	over the next five years			
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	recorded with	Davis	arranger James Mack	over the next five years			
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	was	Leo Graham	a producer				
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	was	James Mack	an arranger				
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	had collaborated with Davis for	arranger James Mack	`` Turning Point ''				
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	had collaborated with Davis for	producer Leo Graham	`` Turning Point ''				
Soon afterwards , Davis switched to the major Columbia record label and recorded seven albums over the next five years with producer Leo Graham and arranger James Mack who had collaborated with him for `` Turning Point '' .	was a	Columbia	major record label				
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .	was abandoned	the remaining trackage	at Charles City	Several years later			
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .	was at	the remaining trackage	Charles City				
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .	remained together	They	for more than 40 years	for more than 40 years			
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .	remained together	They	into their elderly ages	into their elderly ages			
They remained together into their elderly ages for more than 40 years only to marry in 2000 .	marry	They	in 2000	in 2000			
This often results in unexpected deaths , either directly or from stress-induced illness .	results in	This	unexpected deaths	often			
This often results in unexpected deaths , either directly or from stress-induced illness .	result from	unexpected deaths	stress-induced illness				
This often results in unexpected deaths , either directly or from stress-induced illness .	result directly	unexpected deaths	from This				
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	began to siphon	The Anti-Monitor	the positive matter of New York City				
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	was of	the positive matter	New York City				
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	will be to create	the positive matter of New York City	The Anti-Monitor's Antimatter waves				
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	has	The Anti-Monitor	Antimatter waves				
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	is positive	the matter	of New York City				
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .	is supposed to make attractive to the party	the promise of economic returns	the corporatist model				
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .	is supposed to make attractive to labor	the promise of economic returns	the corporatist model				
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .	are promised	economic returns					
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	was given	General Dynamics Corp.	an $ 843 million Air Force contract				
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	was for	an $ 843 million Air Force contract	F - 16 aircraft				
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	was for	an $ 843 million Air Force contract	F - 16 aircraft related equipment				
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	is due	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond	1998				
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	has	Japan	No. 111 4.6 % bond				
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	ended at	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998	95.11				
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	ended to yield	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998	5.43%				
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	have	brokers	screens				
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	is in	No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998	Japan				
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .	could point to	It	plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure				
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .	has failed to cure	the Spanish economic rejuvenation	plenty of ailments				
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	became	He	the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time				
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	was	He	a code-crosser				
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	play	He	test rugby league for Australia a second time				
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	play	He	in rugby union				in rugby union
He became the first code-crosser to play test rugby league for Australia a second time after returning from rugby union .	returning	He	from rugby union				from rugby union
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .	was based around	The car	a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine				
The car was based around a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine coupled to a custom three-speed transmission .	was coupled to	a Rodeck resleevable , modified Chevrolet 350 ci V8 racing engine	a custom three-speed transmission				
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .	am referring to	I	those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms				
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .	chose to disobey	I am referring to those young men who	their country 's call to arms				
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .	fled to	I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and	Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat				
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .	has submitted	Jack Kemp	a package of reforms				
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .	are surely headed for	a package of reforms	the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder				
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .	has a	Capitol Hill	sausage - grinder				
The Harford County Public Schools system is the public school system serving the residents of Harford County .	is	The Harford County Public Schools system	the public school system serving the residents of Harford County				
The Harford County Public Schools system is the public school system serving the residents of Harford County .	is serving	The Harford County Public Schools system	the residents				
The Harford County Public Schools system is the public school system serving the residents of Harford County .	is	The Harford County Public Schools system	a public school system				
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	introduced	This work	the - fstack-protector flag				
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	protects	the - fstack-protector flag	only some vulnerable functions				
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	introduced	This work	the - fstack-protector-all flag				
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	protects whether they need it	the - fstack-protector-all flag	all functions				
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	protects whether they need it not	the - fstack-protector-all flag	all functions				
This work introduced the - fstack-protector flag , which protects only some vulnerable functions , and the - fstack-protector-all flag , which protects all functions whether they need it or not .	are	some functions	vulnerable				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	were	the rivalries	all the clubs				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	were In general	the rivalries between all the clubs	friendly				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	were known to switch	families	affiliations				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	switch depending on	families	which clubs offered preferred services				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	switch depending on	families	which clubs offered preferred events				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	offered	clubs	services				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	offered	clubs	events				
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .	were with	affiliations	clubs				
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .	would be deleted	Regulations meant that	the original sixth lap				
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .	would be restarted from	Regulations meant that	the race				
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	also houses	the lodge	the Trail Crew	In the summer			
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	are housed at	the Trail Crew	the lodge	In the summer			
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	are	the Trail Crew	a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students				
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	help maintain	the Trail Crew	the seventeen Dartmouth				
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	help maintain	the Trail Crew	50 miles of Appalachian trail		between Hanover and the Lodge itself		
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	are from	a crew of Outing Club students	Dartmouth				
In the summer , the lodge also houses the Trail Crew , a crew of Dartmouth Outing Club students who help maintain the seventeen Dartmouth Cabins & 50 miles of Appalachian trail between Hanover and the Lodge itself .	are at	seventeen Dartmouth Cabins	the lodge				
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .	speak	the locals	a version of the Minnan language		In Taiwan		
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .	is called	a version of the Minnan language	Taiwanese		In Taiwan		
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .	speak	the locals	Taiwanese		In Taiwan		
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .	is	Taiwanese	a version of the Minnan language		In Taiwan		
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	controlled	Yusuf Ali Kenadid	the Somalia region	then			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	controlled	Boqor Osman Mahamuud	the Somalia region	then			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	controlled	Mohamoud Ali Shire	the Somalia region	then			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were such as	the Somali Sultans that controlled the region	Yusuf Ali Kenadid	then			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were such as	the Somali Sultans that controlled the region	Boqor Osman Mahamuud	then			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were such as	the Somali Sultans that controlled	Mohamoud Ali Shire	then			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	gained a foothold through the signing of	The European powers	various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region		in Somalia		
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	gained a foothold through the signing of	The European powers	various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region	first			
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	gained a foothold in	The European powers	Somalia				
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were	The powers that gained a foothold in Somalia	European				
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were in	The powers that gained a foothold in Somalia	Europe				
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were with	various pacts	the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region				
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .	were with	various agreements	the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region				
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .	rose in light	In major market activity : Stock prices	trading				
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .	closed at	Jaguar shares	869 pence				
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .	closed on hefty turnover of	Jaguar shares	9.7 million shares				
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .	were up	Jaguar shares	122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares				
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	agreed that	People close to the GM - Jaguar talks	Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors				
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	are close to	People	the GM - Jaguar talks				
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	talks to	GM	Jaguar				
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	talks to	Jaguar	GM				
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .	may be able to shut out	Ford	General Motors	now			
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .	are mostly	Nissan 's new - model successes	specialized vehicles with limited sales potential	So far			
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .	has	Nissan	new - model successes				
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .	have	Nissan 's specialized vehicles	limited sales potential				
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''	also noted	Mr. Rifenburgh	that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded	during the past three years			
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''	also noted	Mr. Rifenburgh	`` there 's a  tremendous amount of exposure . ''				
Each of these people influenced her development as a person .	influenced	Each of these people	her development as a person				
Each of these people influenced her development as a person .	was as	her development	a person				
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .	was	a 19 % slide	the monthly tumble	in January 1982			
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .	marked	The drop	the largest monthly tumble	since January 1982			
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	is	second factor	resource dependence				
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	must be	resource depletion	a perceptible threat				
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .	to find	it must be difficult	substitutes				
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	is in the final , delicate stages of negotiating	Eastern	a second reorganization plan				
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating	its creditors	a second reorganization plan				
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	has	Eastern	creditors				
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	are	the final stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan	delicate				
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	is to pay off	a second reorganization plan	the airline 's debts				
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	has debts	Eastern					
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .	drives	Ed	the creature				
Ed drives the creature into the airlock , with the intention of venting it into space .	has the intention of venting	Ed	the creature				
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	moved to	Arad	the United States	In 1970			
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	enrolled at	Arad	Hofstra University	In 1970			
In 1970 , Arad moved to the United States and enrolled at Hofstra University to study industrial management .	will study	Arad	industrial management		at Hofstra University		
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	had taken over	the federal pension agency	the old plans				
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	would be responsible only for	LTV	benefits paid under the new pension plans				
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .	Because	LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans	the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans				
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	defined	the Supreme Court	when companies may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract	Last year			
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	defined	the Supreme Court	when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves	Last year			
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .	asserted	the Supreme Court	that companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries	Last year			
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	numbered	Large cross - border deals	51	in the second quarter			
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	totaled	Large cross - border deals	$ 17.1 billion	in the second quarter			
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .	added	the firm	Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion	in the second quarter			
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	is	Muscles	an Undercover cop				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	has	Undercover cop Muscles	childhood friends				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	enlists	Undercover cop Muscles	his childhood friends to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	enlists his childhood friends to	Undercover cop Muscles	travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	enlists his childhood friends to travel to	Undercover cop Muscles	Japan				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	enlists his childhood friends to travel to Japan to	Undercover cop Muscles	help him catch a Yakuza group				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	enlists his childhood friends to travel to Japan to help him catch	Undercover cop Muscles	a Yakuza group				
Undercover cop Muscles enlists his childhood friends , the `` Five Lucky Stars '' , to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group .	are	the `` Five Lucky Stars ''	Undercover cop Muscles' childhood friends				
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .	don't possess	They	eyelids				
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .	they must lick their	They don't possess eyelids so	eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist				
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .	must lick their eyeballs clean	they	in order to keep them moist				
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	required from Florence	her grandmother	high standards of behavior				
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	had	Florence	grandmother				
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	was referring to the family as	her grandmother	descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite				
In particular , her grandmother required high standards of behavior from Florence , referring to the family as descendants of Virginia 's colonial elite .	were in	colonial elite	Virginia				
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	closed	the station	just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952	just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952			
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	closed Following	the station	the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses				
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	was to withdraw	the decision	tram services		in London		
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .	was to replace with buses	the decision	tram services		in London		
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .	equals	The number of ones	the number of zeros plus one				
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .	can not occur	the state containing only zeros					
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	were sent to	the commissioners	the army				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	would supervise	commissioners	accountants				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	would supervise	commissioners	providers				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	would supervise	commissioners	merchants				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	would supervise	commissioners	generals				
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	has support for	this adoption	high bit depths				
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	can be required for	high bit depths	film work				
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	was over	this adoption	mainline gimp				
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	has no support for	mainline gimp	high bit depths				
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	was The main reason for	its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work	this adoption over mainline gimp				
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	has Zama plant	the company					
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	is	the company 's Zama plant	outside Tokyo		outside Tokyo		
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	is of	One group	middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo				
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	was supposed to check out	One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo	a trendy restaurant		in the city		
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	will be	the restaurant	trendy				
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	will be	the restaurant	in the city		in the city		
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	is for	This manual	warriors				
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	describes	This manual for warriors	the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses				
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	describes	This manual for warriors	the necessity for using spies				
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	describes	This manual for warriors	the necessity for striking in moments of weakness				
Consistent with systems philosophy , systems thinking concerns an understanding of a system by examining the linkages and interactions between the elements that compose the entirety of the system .	concerns an understanding of a system by examining	systems thinking	the linkages between the elements that compose the entirety of the system				
Consistent with systems philosophy , systems thinking concerns an understanding of a system by examining the linkages and interactions between the elements that compose the entirety of the system .	concerns an understanding of a system by examining	systems thinking	the interactions between the elements that compose the entirety of the system				
Consistent with systems philosophy , systems thinking concerns an understanding of a system by examining the linkages and interactions between the elements that compose the entirety of the system .	is Consistent with	systems thinking	systems philosophy				
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	was	he	a lawyer		in Hillsborough , North Carolina		
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	was	he	a public official		in Hillsborough , North Carolina		
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	was	he	a politician		in Hillsborough , North Carolina		
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	is in	Hillsborough	North Carolina				
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	was heavily involved in opposing	he	the Regulator movement				
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	was an uprising of	the Regulator movement	settlers		in the North Carolina piedmont		
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	was an uprising of	the Regulator movement	settlers	between 1765 and 1771			
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .	were in	settlers	the North Carolina piedmont				
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .	seems	she	happy with this arrangement	At first			
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	must refund money to the	The network	advertisers				
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	loses	The network	considerable revenue and prestige				
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	loses	The network	considerable revenue				
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .	loses	The network	prestige				
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .	is to be fair to	Their purpose	both parties				
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .	is fair to	disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact	both parties				
Their purpose is to be fair to both parties , disallowing the raising of allegations without a basis in provable fact .	are disallowing the raising of allegations without	They	a basis in provable fact				
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .	became	he	a Lord Justice of Appeal	After a break of four years			
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .	had	he	a break of four years				
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	is	Boyer	a university researcher	still			
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	is	Cohen	a university researcher	still			
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	are	both	university researchers	still			
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	are	both	Boyer and Cohen				
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had to be talked into applying for	Boyer	a patent on their gene - splicing technique				
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had to be talked into applying for	Cohen	a patent on their gene - splicing technique				
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had	Boyer	a gene - splicing technique				
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had	Cohen	a gene - splicing technique				
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	refused to grant	the Patent Office	a patent on their gene - splicing technique	then			
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	rendezvoused with	We	our balloon	finally			
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	had come to rest on	our balloon	a dirt road				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	had come to rest amid	our balloon	a clutch of Epinalers				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	watched us disassemble	a clutch of Epinalers	our craft				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	are in a clutch	Epinalers					
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	included	disassembling our craft	the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was yanked to	the balloon	the ground				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was punched out of	all the air	the balloon				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was rolled up	the balloon					
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was crammed into	the balloon	the trailer				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was crammed into	the basket	the trailer				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	took	disassembling our craft	half - an - hour				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was another half - an - hour of	disassembling our craft	non - flight activity				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was of yanking to the ground	the precision routine	the balloon				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was of punching all the air out of	the precision routine	the balloon				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was of rolling up	the precision routine	the balloon				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was of cramming into the trailer	the precision routine	the balloon				
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	was dirt	the road					
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	is precision	the routine					
It was only incidentally that economic issues appeared in nationalist political forms .	appeared only incidentally in	economic issues	nationalist political forms				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	that can be classified using this title include	people	the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	can be classified using	people	this title				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	classified using this title include	people	the Vice President				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	classified using this title include	people	Cabinet secretaries				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	using this title include	people	the Vice President				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	using this title include	people	Cabinet secretaries				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	is classified using	the Vice President	this title				
Other people that can be classified using this title include the Vice President and Cabinet secretaries .	are classified using	Cabinet secretaries	this title				
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	delivered	popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia	a scathing video critique of the film	In 2010			
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	were drawing negative comparisons of the film to	popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia	The Three Stooges	In 2010			
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	were drawing negative comparisons of the film to	popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia	Looney Tunes	In 2010			
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	were drawing negative comparisons of the film to	popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia	`` Home Alone ''	In 2010			
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	are	RedLetterMedia	popular				
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	are	RedLetterMedia	internet reviewers				
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .	say	They	these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause				
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .	is all - important	the cause					
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .	are small	prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause					
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .	pay for galvanizing action for	these small prices	the all - important cause				
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	contain up to	Wild radish seeds	48 % oil content				
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	not suitable for	Wild radish seeds	human consumption				
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .	is a	Wild radish seeds oil	potential source of biofuel				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were hiding	Korean villagers	resistance fighters				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were dealt with	Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters	harshly				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were often dealt with	Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters	summary execution				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were often dealt with	Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters	rape				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were often dealt with	Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters	forced labour				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were often dealt with	Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters	looting				
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .	were in	villagers hiding resistance fighters	Korea				
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	is	Ryan Cameron	a morning show host				
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	is	Ryan Cameron	a show host	in the morning			
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	lobbied for	morning show host Ryan Cameron	a frequency change for WHTA				
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	lobbied by putting together	morning show host Ryan Cameron	a petition from listeners				
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	put together a petition from listeners at	morning show host Ryan Cameron	the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management				
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .	was under	morning show host Ryan Cameron's job	Radio One 's management				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	attend	commissioners	war councils				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	attend	commissioners	tribunals for military crimes				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	in charge of	commissioners	provisioning the army				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	in charge of	commissioners	policing				
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .	in charge of	commissioners	finances				
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	did not go as far as he could have	He	in tax reductions				
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	indeed combined them with	he	increases in indirect taxes				
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	are Made of	the wheel spokes	space - age materials				
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	are designed like	the wheel spokes	airplane wings				
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	are designed to shave 10 minutes off	the wheel spokes	the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race				
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .	claims	the company	the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race				
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	were just as eager as	the lawyers	the judge to wrap it up				
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	were eager to	the lawyers	wrap it up				
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	was eager to	the judge	wrap it up				
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .	is charged with reviewing	The Library Board	the strategic plans of the Harvard Library				
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .	is charged with assessing	The Library Board	its progress in meeting those plans				
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .	are	those plans	the strategic plans of the Harvard Library				
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .	is charged with reviewing	The Library Board	system-wide policies				
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .	is charged with reviewing	The Library Board	system-wide standards				
The Library Board is charged with reviewing the strategic plans of the Harvard Library and assessing its progress in meeting those plans , reviewing system-wide policies and standards and overseeing the progress of the central services .	is charged with overseeing	The Library Board	the progress of the central services				
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .	premiered at	The exhibit	the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin				
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .	is in	the Helmut Newton Foundation	Berlin				
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .	combined the work of all three with	The exhibit	personal snapshots from their time with Helmut				
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .	combined the work of all three with	The exhibit	contact sheets from their time with Helmut				
The exhibit premiered at the Helmut Newton Foundation in Berlin and combined the work of all three with personal snapshots , contact sheets , and letters from their time with Helmut .	combined the work of all three with	The exhibit	letters from their time with Helmut				
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	was	The explosion	at Lletty Shenkin	in 1849			
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	led to demands for	The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849	improved safety in the mines				
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	led to demands by	The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849	the local middle classes in Aberdare				
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	were in	the local middle classes	Aberdare				
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	He	has been considered several times for	appointments to federal district		in Pennsylvania		
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	He	has been considered several times for	appellate court vacancies		in Pennsylvania		
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	He	has been considered several times for appointments to	federal district		in Pennsylvania		
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	Pennsylvania	has	appointments to federal district				
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .	Pennsylvania	has	appellate court vacancies				
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .	was made	he	an Officer of the Order of St John	On 1 July 1955			
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .	are equipped to change	Ballast tanks	a ship 's trim				
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .	are equipped to modify	Ballast tanks	a ship 's stability				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	demanded	the infantry based part of the doctrine	`` powerful tanks ''				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	demanded	the infantry based part of the doctrine	`` tankettes ''				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	demanded	the shock Army	`` manoeuvre tanks ''				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	will be used in conjunction with	`` manoeuvre tanks ''	motorized forces				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	will be used in conjunction with	`` manoeuvre tanks ''	`` mechanized cavalry ''				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	would operate in depth as	`` manoeuvre tanks ''	`` strategic cavalry ''				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	will be combined with	`` strategic cavalry ''	nascent airborne troops				
While the infantry based part of the doctrine demanded `` powerful tanks '' and `` tankettes '' , the shock Army demanded `` manoeuvre tanks '' used in conjunction with motorized forces and `` mechanized cavalry '' that would operate in depth as `` strategic cavalry '' combined with nascent airborne troops .	had	the doctrine	an infantry based part				
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	made their debut through	Many young South African artists	the numerous road shows which toured the country				on LM Radio
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	toured	numerous road shows	the country				
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	are	Many young artists	of South Africa				
Many young South African artists made their debut on LM Radio through the numerous road shows which toured the country .	are	Many young artists	South African				
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .	is	The yield	10.48%				
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .	represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of	The 10.48 % yield	2.45 percentage points				
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	are jealously guarding	Both sides	their turf				
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	have been at	relations	a flashpoint				
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	have	Both sides	relations				
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .	have	Both sides	turf				
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	were released and continue to reside in	Lugo and Lozano	Venezuela				
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	were released in	Lugo and Lozano	1993				
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	continue to reside in	Lugo and Lozano	Venezuela				
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	is for	demand	hybrid seeds	in recent years			
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	has spurred research at	demand for hybrid seeds	chemical companies	in recent years			
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	has spurred research at	demand for hybrid seeds	biotechnology companies	in recent years			
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	has spurred research at	demand for hybrid seeds	a number of companies	in recent years			
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	is including	a number of chemical and biotechnology companies	Monsanto Co.				
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	is including	a number of chemical and biotechnology companies	Shell Oil Co.				
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	is including	a number of chemical and biotechnology companies	Eli Lilly & Co				
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	has spurred research at	demand for hybrid seeds	Monsanto Co.	In recent years			
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	has spurred research at	demand for hybrid seeds	Shell Oil Co.	In recent years			
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .	has spurred research at	demand for hybrid seeds	Eli Lilly & Co	In recent years			
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	has executed	Texas	over four times more inmates than Virginia				
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	has executed	Texas	nearly 37 times more inmates than California				
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	has executed	Virginia	inmates				
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	has executed	California	inmates				
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	were executed in	inmates	Virginia				
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	were executed in	inmates	California				
In the post - `` Gregg '' era Texas has executed over four times more inmates than Virginia and nearly 37 times more inmates than California .	were executed in	inmates	Texas				
High Court judges are therefore referred to as the Honourable Mr/Mrs Justice Smith .	are therefore referred to as	High Court judges	the Honourable Mr/Mrs Justice Smith				
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .	supposedly said	Alexander	that he had never been so lucky	after this incident			
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .	supposedly said	Alexander	that he had never been so lucky			in his entire career	
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .	became	KOMO	the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound	In 1984			
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .	is	KOMO	a television station				
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .	broadcast in full stereo sound	KOMO	daily programming	In 1984			
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	as they launched	carriers	heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands				
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	sortied to protect	Hazelwood	another fast and mobile carrier task force				
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	launched heavy air strikes against	mobile carrier task force	the Japanese home islands				
Joining another fast and mobile carrier task force , `` Hazelwood '' sortied 11 February to protect carriers as they launched heavy air strikes against the Japanese home islands 16 and 17 February .	Joining	Hazelwood	another fast and mobile carrier task force				
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	boomed	The population	in The city		in The city		
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	were formed	5 boroughs	in The city		in The city		
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	was opened	the New York City Subway	in The city		in The city		
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	became	the New York City Subway	a symbol of progress		in The city		
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	became	the New York City Subway	a symbol of innovation		in The city		
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	was in	the Subway	New York City				
The city 's population boomed , 5 boroughs were formed , the New York City Subway was opened and became a symbol of progress and innovation .	was	The city	New York City				
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	started	The campaign	last week	last week			
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	runs	The campaign	through Nov. 23	through Nov. 23			
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	says	a spokeswoman	The campaign `` was Barry 's idea ''				
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	is with funds earmarked for	The campaign	the quake				
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .	is with funds earmarked for	The campaign	Hugo				
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	was	the German surrender	in Italy	on 2 May			
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	was pursued to	the routed enemy	the French border				
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	was halted	Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border	on 2 May	on 2 May			
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	was halted upon	Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border	the German surrender in Italy	on 2 May			
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .	was routed	the enemy					
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	believe in God as	They	a single entity				
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	believe in God not as	They	the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians				
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	is accepted by	God as the Trinity	the vast majority of Christians				
They believe in God as a single entity , not as the Trinity accepted by the vast majority of Christians .	is not accepted by	God as a single entity	the vast majority of Christians				
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .	is	Naana	Baako 's grandmother				
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .	is	Naana	a blind-seer				
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .	stands in living contact	Naana	with the ancestors				
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	is Series 109	The offering					
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	is backed by	Series 109	Freddie Mac 10 % securities				
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	is backed by	The offering	Freddie Mac 10 % securities				
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	has 10 % securities	Freddie Mac					
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	was a notable influence on	It	John Buchan				
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	was a notable influence on	It	Ken Follett				
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	described it as	Ken Follett	`` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''				
It was a notable influence on John Buchan and Ken Follett , who described it as `` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''	described it as	John Buchan	`` an open-air adventure thriller about two young men who stumble upon a German armada preparing to invade England . ''				
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	had been	All three	photography students		at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California		
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	had been	All three	photography students	in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants			
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .	went on to	all three	independent careers				
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	against other viral diseases followed	Vaccinations	rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur	in 1886			
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	by	rabies vaccination	Louis Pasteur	in 1886			
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	against other	Vaccinations	viral diseases				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	grows well in	The oilseed radish	cool climates				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	has	The oilseed radish	industrial use				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	can be used as	The oilseed radish	a cover crop				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	can be grown to increase	The oilseed radish	soil fertility				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	can be grown to scavenge	The oilseed radish	nutrients				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	can be grown to suppress	The oilseed radish	weeds				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	can be grown to help alleviate	The oilseed radish	soil compaction				
The oilseed radish grows well in cool climates and , apart from its industrial use , can be used as a cover crop , grown to increase soil fertility , to scavenge nutrients , suppress weeds , help alleviate soil compaction and prevent winter erosion of the soil .	can be grown to help prevent	The oilseed radish	erosion of the soil	in winter			
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	was appointed to command	he	his regiment	In 1840			
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	held	he	the post	for nearly fourteen years			
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .	was	the post	to command his regiment				
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .	mentioned	Springsteen	he did plan to work with the E Street Band	in the future			
During the latter , Springsteen mentioned he did plan to work with the E Street Band again in the future , but was vague about details .	was vague	Springsteen	about details				
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .	left to become	He	the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division				
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .	is of	the Army 1st Armored Division	the U.S.				
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .	has	the U.S. Army	a 1st Armored Division				
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .	hit	two moderate earthquakes	The town and surrounding villages	within ten years			
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .	hit	moderate earthquakes	within ten years	within ten years			
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	played	He	37 times	in the 1987-88 season			
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	played mainly at	He	right-back	in the 1987-88 season			
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	scored	He	nine goals	in the 1987-88 season			
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	is excellent for	nine goals	a player who mainly featured in defence				
He played 37 times , mainly at right-back , in the 1987-88 season , and scored nine goals - excellent for a player who mainly featured in defence .	was	He	a player who mainly featured in defence				
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	was	the first Triangle workshop	held	in 1982			
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	held	They	the first Triangle workshop	in 1982			
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	was for	the first Triangle workshop	thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada	in 1982			
During the 1730s Britain 's relationship with Spain had slowly declined .	had slowly declined	Britain 's relationship with Spain	During the 1730s	During the 1730s			
During the 1730s Britain 's relationship with Spain had slowly declined .	had	Britain	relationship with Spain	During the 1730s			
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	helped to keep the calm by airing	KFI	President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats ''	during the dark days of World War II			
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	had	President Franklin D. Roosevelt	`` Fireside Chats ''				
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	was	Franklin D. Roosevelt	President				
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''	had	World War II	dark days				
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .	want to lower	Other Senators	the down payments required on FHA - insured loans				
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .	are required on	down payments	FHA - insured loans				
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .	are	loans	FHA - insured				
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon .	does n't give much of a clue as to	However, it	whether a recession is on the horizon			whether a recession is on the horizon	
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon .	does n't give	However , it	much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon				
Human behavioral ecologists assume that what might be the most adaptive strategy in one environment might not be the most adaptive strategy in another environment .	assume that	Human behavioral ecologists	what might be the most adaptive strategy in one environment might not be the most adaptive strategy in another environment				
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	was released on	`` My Classical Way ''	on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music				
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	has	Marc	own label				
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	is	Marc 's own label	Frazzy Frog Music				
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	uses	The film	some computer-generated graphics				
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	are flying over	the geese	Olaf 's house				in the film
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	are flying over	the geese	Olaf 's house	later			
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks through the fields to	Inge	Olaf 's house				in the film
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	were flying over	the geese	Olaf 's house				
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks through	Inge	the fields				
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks to	Inge	Olaf 's house				
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks to take	Inge	a bath		at Olaf 's house		
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	are	the geese flying over Olaf 's house	computer-generated graphics				in the film
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	are	The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath	computer-generated graphics				in the film
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	are	The northern lights	in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath		in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath		
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	were	some graphics	computer-generated				in the film
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	are	The lights	northern				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	was confirmed by	An alternative explanation	recent events				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	was confirmed by	An alternative explanation	a close inspection of the Gorbachev program				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	was confirmed by	a more convincing explanation	recent events				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	was confirmed by	a more convincing explanation	a close inspection of the Gorbachev program				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	is that	An alternative explanation	the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	is that	a more convincing explanation	the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are intended to conform to	the new Soviet economic structures	a model other than that of the market				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are intended to conform to	the new Soviet social structures	a model other than that of the market				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are	the new economic structures	Soviet				
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are	the new social structures	Soviet				
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	was in	Adnan Latif	a car accident	in 1994			
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	suffered	Adnan Latif	significant head injuries				
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .	was left with	Adnan Latif	on-going neurological problems				
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .	accused	He	Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom				
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .	accused	He	Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans				
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	are known as	These	Porter 's three generic strategies				
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	has	Porter	three generic strategies				
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	are	Porter 's three strategies	generic				
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	can be applied to	Porter 's three generic strategies	any size of business				
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	can be applied to	Porter 's three generic strategies	any form of business				
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd .	$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity - purchase warrants ,	indicating	a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd				
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd .	$ 200 million of bonds	is due	Nov. 16 , 1994				
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 657	in 657			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 669	in 669			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 846	in 846			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 850	in 850			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 852	in 852			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 853	in 853			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 862	in 862			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 980	in 980			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 986	in 986			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 996	in 996			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 1048	in 1048			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 1071	in 1071			
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .	were held	councils	in 1080	in 1080			
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .	can stick with	If the government	them , it will be able to halve				
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .	will be able to halve	If the government can stick with them , it	this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit				
Thus , acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra can be time-consuming , taking tens of minutes to hours .	takes	acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra	tens of minutes to hours				
Thus , acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra can be time-consuming , taking tens of minutes to hours .	is	acquisition of quantitative heavy-element spectra	time-consuming				
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	was happening upon	The show	spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements				
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	was designed to appear	The show	as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland				
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .	started on	Test of the TVN24 HD	30-Nov-12				
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .	started on	official start of the TVN24 HD	30-Nov-12				
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	is	Ms. Waleson	a free - lance writer				
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	is based in	Ms. Waleson	New York				
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	served as	He	the first Prime Minister of				
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	became	He	a founding justice of the High Court of				
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	has a	Australia	Prime Minister				
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	has a	Australia	High Court				
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	is being administered	RU-486	only under strict supervision		in France		
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	is being administered	RU-486	only in the presence of a doctor		in France		
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to	Shaw Industries Inc				
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	will sell its operations to	Shaw Industries Inc				
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .	depends on	The ultimate outcome	what he does				
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .	depends not on	The ultimate outcome	what we do				
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .	is ultimate	The outcome					
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .	holds the same	The lead single	name				
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .	is a	The lead single	soft melodic song				
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .	differs from	The lead single	Tiger JK 's past releases				
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .	caught flat - footed	the government 's action	Jaguar management				
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .	may scuttle	the government 's action	the GM minority deal				
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .	will be forcing to fight for all of Jaguar	the government 's action	GM				
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .	had	the government	an action				
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .	had	GM	a minority deal				
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that	He	he could monitor all the telephone lines coming				
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	made a midnight requisition of	He	all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming				
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	made a midnight requisition of	He	all the printers he could lay hands on				
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .	are coming into	telephone lines	the lab 's computers				
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won from	Salahuddin	Patharghatti assembly seat	In 1962			
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won as	Salahuddin	an Independent candidate	In 1962			
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won from	Salahuddin	Charminar constituency	in 1967			
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won as	Salahuddin	an Independent candidate	in 1967			
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	has	Patharghatti	an assembly seat				
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	has	Charminar	a constituency				
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	handcuffed	Graner	him				
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	left	Graner	him	for nearly five hours			
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	left handcuffed to	Graner	him	for nearly five hours			
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	left with feet dangling	Graner	him	for nearly five hours			
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	has	cell window	bars				
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .	does Indeed contribute to	the `` art of doctoring ''	better health results				
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .	Indeed discourages	the `` art of doctoring ''	unwarranted malpractice litigation				
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	is	Andrew Boyle	Childers 's biographer				
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	has	Childers	a biographer				
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	noted	Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle	`` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness ''				
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	is	Childers	an English writer				
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	has	Childers	a book				
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	remained	Childers 's book	the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness	For the next ten years			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	are expected to rise according to	sales of treadmills	the National Sporting Goods Association	this year			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	are expected to rise according to	sales of exercise bikes	the National Sporting Goods Association	this year			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	are expected to rise according to	sales of stair climbers	the National Sporting Goods Association	this year			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	are, according to the National Sporting Goods Association , expected to rise to	sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like	about $ 1.52 billion	this year			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	are, according to the National Sporting Goods Association , expected to rise	sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like	8%	this year			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	sees as one of the hottest growth areas	the National Sporting Goods Association	the home market	for the 1990s			
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .	are expected to rise according to	sales of the like	the National Sporting Goods Association	this year			
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	was	a federal measure	in June	in June			
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	was allowing houses to add research fees to	a federal measure	their commissions	in June			
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	did n't Even stop	a federal measure allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions	it	in June			
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .	are allowed to add to their commissions	houses	research fees				
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	ignored altogether	he	baseball	For a long time			
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .	ignored even	he	the sports pages	For a long time			
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .	has a relationship with	Felicia	Spider-Man Noir				
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .	has	Felicia	a relationship with Spider-Man Noir				
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .	is Like	Felicia	most incarnations				
Like most incarnations , Felicia has a relationship with Spider-Man Noir .	has , Like most incarnations , a relationship with	Felicia	Spider-Man Noir				
Plant communities include creosote and sagebrush at lower altitudes , and bristlecone pine forests at higher .	include	Plant communities	creosote				at lower altitudes
Plant communities include creosote and sagebrush at lower altitudes , and bristlecone pine forests at higher .	include	Plant communities	sagebrush				at lower altitudes
Plant communities include creosote and sagebrush at lower altitudes , and bristlecone pine forests at higher .	include	Plant communities	bristlecone pine forests				at higher altitudes
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	joined	Tom McMorran	the band after Mark Portmann left	in 1994			
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	released	the band	`` Sahara ''	in August of 1994			
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	left	Mark Portmann	the band	in 1994			
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	exists	Tom McMorran	in August of 1994	in August of 1994			
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	exists	the band	after Mark Portmann left	in August of 1994			
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .	assigned	the Flemish Region	all of its powers				
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .	remains	the Walloon Region	in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa		in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa		
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .	gone	Had the contest	a full seven games				
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .	could  have reaped	ABC	an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone				
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .	compared with	extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone	the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows				
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .	is any method of	Autostereoscopy	displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear on the part of the viewer				
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .	is any method of	Autostereoscopy	displaying stereoscopic images without the use of glasses on the part of the viewer				
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	were located	The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral	within the city boundary		within the city boundary		
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	were located	The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral	in a district of immunity status around the Cathedral of St. Peter				in a district of immunity status around the Cathedral of St. Peter
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	were located	The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral	in a district of extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter				in a district of extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	was located	part of the administration of Bremen Cathedral	within the city boundary		within the city boundary		
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	was located	part of the administration of Bremen Cathedral	in a district of immunity status around the Cathedral of St. Peter				in a district of immunity status around the Cathedral of St. Peter
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	was located	part of the administration of Bremen Cathedral	in a district of extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter				in a district of extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	was around	a district of immunity status	the Cathedral of St. Peter				
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	was around	a district of extraterritorial status	the Cathedral of St. Peter				
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	would refrain to interfere	the city council	in a district of immunity status around the Cathedral of St. Peter				in a district of immunity status around the Cathedral of St. Peter
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .	would refrain to interfere	the city council	in a district of extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter				in a district of extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	was at	The championship	the Pinehurst Resort				
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	won	Stewart	his last major championship	only a few months before his death			
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .	had	Stewart	his death				
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	became	Necro	a regular member of				
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	was teaming with	Necro	Chris Hero				
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	was teaming to defend the honor of	Necro	Candice LeRae				
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	was teaming to defend against	Necro	the Human Tornado and his allies				
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	was an ally of	Claudio Castagnoli	the Human Tornado				
Necro became a regular member of the PWG roster through the majority of 2008 , teaming with Chris Hero to defend the honor of Candice LeRae against the Human Tornado and his allies in Claudio Castagnoli and Eddie Kingston .	was an ally of	Eddie Kingston	the Human Tornado				
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	have a large range of	They	possible power supplies				
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	can be	They	380V				
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	can be	They	1000V				
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	can be	They	even higher				
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	played for	He	the Kangaroos				
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	played in all four matches for	He	the Kangaroos				
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	played in the final for	He	the Kangaroos				
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	scored one try in	He	the final				
He played for the Kangaroos in all four matches , including the final , scoring one try .	are including	all four matches	the final				
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	were living below	22.2 % of families	the poverty line				
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	were living below	23.8 % of the population	the poverty line				
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	were living below	15.8 % of under eighteens	the poverty line				
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	were living below	37.5 % of those over 64	the poverty line				
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	was including	23.8% of the population living below the poverty line	15.8 % of under eighteens				
There were 22.2 % of families and 23.8 % of the population living below the poverty line , including 15.8 % of under eighteens and 37.5 % of those over 64 .	was including	23.8% of the population living below the poverty line	37.5 % of those over 64				
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	follows in the development of flashbulb accounts	the Photographic Model	more of a step-by-step process				
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	demonstrates	the Comprehensive Model	an interconnected relationship between the variables				
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	is between	One major difference	the two models				
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	are	the two models	the Photographic Model and the Comprehensive Model				
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .	was thoroughly renovated	The Cathedral	from 2006				
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .	was thoroughly renovated	The Cathedral	to 2008				
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .	was thoroughly renovated	the belfry	from 2006				
The Cathedral and the belfry were thoroughly renovated from 2006 to 2008 .	was thoroughly renovated	the belfry	to 2008				
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	has had	Western Union	major losses	in recent years			
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	has a	Western Union	telex business				
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	has faltered in the face of	Western Union's telex business	competition from facsimile machines	in recent years			
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	has faltered as	Western Union's telex business	other business ventures have gone awry	in recent years			
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	has	Western Union	other business ventures				
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	have gone awry	Western Union's other business ventures	in recent years	in recent years			
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .	has competition from	Western Union's telex business	facsimile machines	in recent years			
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	came	Darwin	into residence		in Cambridge		
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	came	Darwin	into residence	on 26 January 1828			
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	matriculated	Darwin	at the University 's Senate House		in Cambridge		
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	matriculated	Darwin	at the University 's Senate House	on 26 February 1828 1828			
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	was	Darwin	in Cambridge		in Cambridge		
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .	was	Darwin	on 26 January 1828	on 26 January 1828			
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .	was united with	It	the Clitheroe Rural District as part of the Ribble Valley district				
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .	was united with	It	the Clitheroe Rural District				
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .	is part of	the Clitheroe Rural District	the Ribble Valley district				
It was united with the Clitheroe Rural District , as part of the Ribble Valley district in the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire .	is part of	the Ribble Valley district	the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire				
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	is	Kasim Mehaddi Hilas	One of the prisoners				
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	said that	Kasim Mehaddi Hilas	one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray				
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	asked Graner	he	for the time so that he could pray			Kasim Mehaddi Hilas said that	
One of the prisoners , Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , said that one day he asked Graner for the time so that he could pray .	asked Graner for the time	he	so that he could pray			Kasim Mehaddi Hilas said that	
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	said	A Coca - Cola spokesman	it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured				
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	is too early to say	it	how the joint venture would be structured				
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	how the joint venture	it is too early to say	would be structured				
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	said	A Coca - Cola spokesman	it is too early to say how much the company would invest in the transaction				
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	is too early to say	it	how much the company would invest in the transaction				
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	how much the company would invest	it is too early to say	in the transaction		in the transaction		
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .	said	A Coke spokesman	he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks				
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .	could n't say	he	whether that is the direction of the talks			whether that is the direction of the talks	
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	is	*(Ford	Dearborn, Mich. , auto maker) -> ask mausa				
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	said	A Ford spokesman	the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem				
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	is n't aware of	the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker	any injuries caused by the windshield problem				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	is	a union hall in San Salvador	leftist				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	exploded at	A bomb	a leftist union hall in San Salvador				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	said	authorities	A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	said	authorities	A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , injuring about 30 people , including two Americans				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	said	authorities	A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , injuring two Americans				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	at least eight people	A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador, killing	authorities said				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	exploded	A bomb	at a leftist union hall in San Salvador, killing at least eight people		at a leftist union hall in San Salvador		
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	about 30 people , including two Americans	A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador, injuring	authorities said				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	exploded	A bomb	at a leftist union hall in San Salvador, injuring about 30 people , including two Americans		at a leftist union hall in San Salvador		
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	two Americans	A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador, injuring	authorities said				
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .	exploded	A bomb	at a leftist union hall in San Salvador, injuring two Americans		at a leftist union hall in San Salvador		
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .	said	the company	About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals				
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .	will continue with Gillette or transfer to	About 60 % of the work force	Twins Pharmaceuticals				
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .	will continue with	About 60 % of the work force	Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals				
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	is	Alan Gottesman	an analyst				
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	is	Alan Gottesman	an analyst with PaineWebber				
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	said	Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber	And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , ''				
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .	of being a delver and a detail guy	And with Al 's record	you can see how the two fit				
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .	said	Mr. Simonds-Gooding	he is n't talking to any studios about investing				
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .	is n't talking to	he	any studios about investing				
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .	which always said that	Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics	Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua				
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .	do n't want to hold	Mr. Ortega and his friends	an election in Nicaragua				
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .	are a	Conservatives	faction in U.S. politics				
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .	said	exchange officials	Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures				
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .	is n't even considering	the Big Board	a total ban on program trading or stock futures				
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .	are suggesting	some investors	a total ban on program trading or stock futures				
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	is	Gen - Probe Inc.	a biotechnology concern				
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	said	Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern	it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million				
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	signed	it	a definitive agreement to be acquired				
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	said	Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern	it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock				
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	signed	it	a definitive agreement to be acquired				
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .	said	He	it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit				
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .	has n't yet been determined	it	how the RTC will raise the cash				
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .	does n't want	administration	it to be included on the federal budget				
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .	said	Healthcare International Inc.	it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future	in the future			
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .	reached	it	a 120 - day standstill agreement				
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .	recent appearance	His	dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point				
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	is	Paul Johanson	Monsanto 's director of plant sciences				
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	said	Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences	the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''				
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	overcomes these problems	the company 's chemical spray	Paul Johanson said				
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	is	the company 's chemical spray	`` gentle on the female organ . ''				
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	said	the high court	a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment				
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	must prove	a company	that the government approved precise specifications for the contract				
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	must prove	a company	that those specifications were met				
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .	must prove	a company	that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment				
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .	said	It	financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank				
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .	would consist of	financing	$ 250 million from a private placement				
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .	would consist of	financing	a $ 150 million revolving credit line				
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls .	said	It	the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls				
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls .	is caused by	the situation	efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls				
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	is	Jan Leemans	research director				
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	said	Jan Leemans , research director	this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles				
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	is	Robert Goldberg	at the University of California in Los Angeles		at the University of California in Los Angeles		
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	is	oil - producing rapeseed plants	a major crop in Europe and Canada		in Europe and Canada		
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .	was successfully introduced in	this gene	oil - producing rapeseed plants				
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	is	John M. Kucharski	EG&G 's chairman				
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	is	John M. Kucharski	EG&G 's chief executive				
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	said	John M. Kucharski	the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''				
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	will extend	the acquisition	EG&G 's core technologies				
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	will strengthen	the acquisition	its position in the European Economic Community				
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''	will assure	the acquisition	a strength and presence in the Eastern European market				
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .	belongs to	Mr. Devario	Shearson Lehman				
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .	said that	Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario	to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry				
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .	needs to catch up	the U.S. paper industry	with the European industry				
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	also said	Merrill	it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures				
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	is lobbying for	it	significant regulatory controls on program trading				
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	is lobbying for	it	limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures				
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	said	Mr. Bickwit	I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities				
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	said	Mr. Bickwit	the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L				
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	can see why	I	an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities				
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .	`` essentially broke even ''	the overseas investments	for the S&L				
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .	said	Mr. Blair	his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux				
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .	seeks	his libel suit	10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million )				
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .	seeks	his libel suit	10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million )				
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .	seeks	his libel suit	10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million )				
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	said	Mr. Meek	his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings				
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	were aroused by	his suspicions	several foreign investments by Lincoln				
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	were aroused by	his suspicions	several foreign investments by Lincoln				
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	were aroused by	his suspicions	several foreign investments by Lincoln				
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .	were aroused by	his suspicions	a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company				
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	the seed producer in	Delta & Pine	Scott , Miss.				
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	is	Mr. Robinson	of Delta & Pine				
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	said	Mr. Robinson	Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops				
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .	success	Plant Genetic 's	in creating genetically engineered male steriles				
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	is	Orkem	France 's third - largest chemical group				
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	said	Orkem	it would fund the acquisition through internal resources				
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	would fund	it	the acquisition				
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .	said	People familiar with Nekoosa	its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid				
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .	is n't likely	its board	to meet	before the week after next			
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	said	President Bush	that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes				
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	will lead a	three members of his cabinet	presidential mission				
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	to gauge	three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission	how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes				
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .	said	QVC Network Inc.	it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million				
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .	completed its acquisition of	it	CVN Cos.				
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	based in	First Security	Salt Lake City				
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	with	First Security	$ 5.4 billion in assets				
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	said	First Security	the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year	next year			
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	is subject to	the agreement	shareholder approval				
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	is subject to	the agreement	regulatory approval				
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .	hopes	it	to complete the transaction				
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	have said	Some analysts	Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined				
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	could boost	* because relation(Courtaulds ' moves	the company 's value by 5 % to 10 %				
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .	separately will carry	the two entities	a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined				
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	is	Stephen McCartin	Mr. Hunt 's attorney				
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	said	Stephen McCartin	his client welcomed the gamble				
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	welcomed	his client	the gamble				
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	is	T. Marshall Hahn Jr.	Georgia - Pacific 's chairman				
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	is	T. Marshall Hahn Jr.	Georgia - Pacific 's chief executive				
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	said in an interview	T. Marshall Hahn Jr.	that all terms of the offer are negotiable				
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .	are	all terms of the offer	negotiable				
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	was said to	The Colombian minister	have referred to a letter				
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	is	Virgilio Barco	Colombian President				
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	sent	President Bush	a letter to				
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	said	President Bush	it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement				In the letter the Colombian minister is said to have referred to
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .	was	it	possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement				
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .	said	The Dallas oil and gas concern	that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp				
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .	would be used to	$ 10 million of the facility	repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock: The Dallas oil and gas concern said				
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .	would be used to	$ 10 million of the facility	purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties				from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	said	he	The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis				
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .	would likely be amenable to	The SEC	legislation				on a more timely basis
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .	is in	The Wellesley	Mass.				
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .	is	The Wellesley	maker of scientific instruments				
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .	is	The Wellesley	maker of electronic parts				
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .	said	The Wellesley	Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .				
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .	expects	Berthold	1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million )				
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .	expects	Berthold	employs about 400 people				
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .	said	the company	The machine can run software written for other Mips computers				
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .	can run	The machine	software written for other Mips computers				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	said	The publishing concern	it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	retained	it	the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will act as its	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	financial adviser				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will be assisting in	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will be assisting in	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	the evaluation of debt refinancing				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will be assisting in	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	the evaluation of raising capital				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will be assisting in	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	the evaluation of recapitalization				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will be assisting in	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	the evaluation of recapitalization				
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .	will be assisting in	Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc.	the evaluation of a merger or sale of the company				
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''	said	a trader	The specialists were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''				
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''	were `` livid '' about	The specialists	Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''				
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''	recently remarked	Mr. Phelan 's	that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''				
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''	are	sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies	`` here to stay . '				
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .	said	he	There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance				
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .	had risen to	prices for all the precious metals	levels at which there was resistance to further advance				
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .	was	profit	taken because prices for all the precious metals had risen				
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .	says	he	Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure is risky				
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .	attempt	Specialized 's	to adopt a corporate structure is risky				
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	will reach	Communism	its final stage of development				in a feckless Russo -- corporation
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	is	feckless Russo corporation	socialist in form				
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	is	feckless Russo corporation	nationalistic in form				
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	is	feckless Russo corporation	Oriental in style				
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''	will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness	feckless Russo corporation					
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .	said	he	`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '??`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .				
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .	is	A. Rama Krishna	auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd				
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .	said	A. Rama Krishna	`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs				
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .	is going to catch up	Everyone else	with Nissan 's innovative designs				
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''	ca n't do anything	I	score - wise				
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''	like meeting	I	the girls				
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .	think	I	we could very well have { an economic } slowdown				
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .	could be	{ an economic } slowdown	beginning	very soon			
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .	could	{ an economic } slowdown	have begun	already			
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47 - year - old Mr. Campaneris .	is	Mr. Campaneris	47 - year - old				
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47 - year - old Mr. Campaneris .	promises	Mr. Campaneris	`` It 's going to be a tough league ''				
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47 - year - old Mr. Campaneris .	going to be	It s	a tough league				
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	is	John Philip Jones	chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University				
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	warns	John Philip Jones	`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that ''				
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	see	People	extra messages in advertising				
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .	will see	consumers	through manufacturer clearly trying to get something out of it				
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .	is	Jacob Dreyer	the institute 's chief economist				
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .	said	Jacob Dreyer	`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices				
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .	into	Small net inflows	stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios stemming from falling prices				
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .	said	Mr. Boyd	`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet ''				
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .	is very difficult	That burden	to meet				
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	is	Murray Robinson	president of Delta & Pine Land Co.				
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	is	Delta & Pine Land Co.	a Southwide Inc. subsidiary				
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	is	Delta & Pine Land Co.	one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S.				
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	said	Murray Robinson	`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton ''				
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .	could have	The development	a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton				
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .	said	Mr. Mills	`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on ''				
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .	is definitely going on	The profit locking - in	Mr. Mills said				
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .	firm	Mr. Mills s	manages				
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .	says	she	`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain ''				
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .	that have gone on	some things	here that nobody can explain				
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .	added	she	`` They 're getting some major wins ''				
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .	getting	They 're	some major wins				
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .	told	Taylor	him		Back at the hotel		
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .	has	Eddie	left the band				
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .	went ahead of	Taylor	Lemmy		Back at the hotel		
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .	was told that	the Societe de Bourses Francaises	a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares	Earlier yesterday			
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .	also bought	a unit of Framatome S.A.	Navigation Mixte shares				
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .	covered more than	this purchase	160,000 shares				
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	told	Mr. Rifenburgh	industry analysts				
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	is moving aggressively to negotiate	he	out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits				
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .	could file for	the company	bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail				
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	were tied in with	the company 's ads	pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels				
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''	would tell	an announcer	customers	at the end of the ads			
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''	accused	He	Dow Jones of using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price				
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''	used unfair means to obtain	Dow Jones	the stock at an unfair price				
Ed tries to explain what happened to a skeptical Pete .	tries to explain	Ed	what happened to a skeptical Pete				
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .	said	he	Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects				
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .	are	Most of the proposals	in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects				
32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	were made up of	32.7 % of all households	individuals				
32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	had	15.7 % of all households	someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older				
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	forms	A CEN	an important part of a Local Strategic Partnership				
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	forms	A CEN	a small part of a Local Strategic Partnership				
A CEN forms an important but small part of a Local Strategic Partnership .	is	a Strategic Partnership	Local				
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	became	he	the youngest mayor in  Pittsburgh 's history	in September 2006			
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	was	he	A Democrat	in September 2006			
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	was	the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history	A Democrat	in September 2006			
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	became	he	the youngest mayor in the history of	in September 2006			
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history at	he	the age of 26	in September 2006			
A Democrat , he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history in September 2006 at the age of 26 .	was	the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh 's history	26	in September 2006			
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	is also located	A cafeteria	on the sixth floor				
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	is located	a chapel	on the 14th floor				
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	is located	a study hall	on the 15th floor				
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	was followed with the establishment of the	A common name , logo , and programming schedule	`` TV8 '' network between the three stations	in 1982			
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	changed to the	the `` TV8 '' network	`` Southern Cross Network ''	seven years later			
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	was establishment	`` TV8 '' network	between the three stations	in 1982			
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .	was the established common name between	`` TV8 '' network	the three stations	in 1982			
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	is a temporary	A cooling center	air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave				
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by	A cooling center	local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave				
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	is set up by	A cooling center	local authorities				
A cooling center is a temporary air-conditioned public space set up by local authorities to deal with the health effects of a heat wave .	to deal with the	local authorities set up a cooling center	health effects of a heat wave				
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	is `` prime ''	A manifold	if it can not be presented as a connected sum  of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension				
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	can not be presented as a connected sum of	a `` prime '' manifold	more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension				
A manifold is `` prime '' if it can not be presented as a connected sum of more than one manifold , none of which is the sphere of the same dimension .	is not the	A `` prime '' manifold , a connected sum of more than one manifold ,	sphere of the same dimension			if it can not be presented as a connected sum  of more than one manifold	
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .	was evaded by printing under	A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months ,	other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika ''	in mid-March 2002			
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .	ordered to stop printing	court	for three months	in mid-March 2002			
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .	was under	`` Not That Respublika ''	other titles				
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	was	A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting	one of the few held in the UK ,		staged at Ammanford		
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	was staged at Ammanford,	A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting	one of the few held in the		UK		
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	are held in	few long-track motorcycle speedway meetings	the UK				
A motorcycle speedway long-track meeting , one of the few held in the UK , was staged at Ammanford .	was a	the motorcycle speedway meeting	long-track meeting held in the UK ,		staged at Ammanford		
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .	are listed	A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine	here				
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .	is of	A partial list	turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine				
A partial list of turbomachinery that may use one or more centrifugal compressors within the machine are listed here .	may use	turbomachinery	one or more centrifugal compressors			within the machine	
A short distance to the east , NC 111 diverges on Greenwood Boulevard .	diverges on	NC 111	Greenwood Boulevard			A short distance to the east	
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	has	A spectrum from a single FID	a low signal-to-noise ratio				
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .	improves readily with averaging of	signal-to-noise ratio	repeated acquisitions				
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	According to Samaritan tradition is derived from	the Samaritan ethnonym	the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion				
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	According to Samaritan tradition is not derived from	the Samaritan ethnonym	the region of Samaria				
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	were the `` Guardians '' of	the Samaritans	the true Israelite religion				
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	is	Samaritan	an ethnonym				
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	is	Samaria	a region				
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	According to the 2010 census is	the population of the town	2,310				
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	is	the population of	2,310	in 2010			
According to the 2010 census , the population of the town is 2,310 .	was in	the census	2010		the town		
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not-for-profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	is accused of defrauding	Gonzalez	the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc.			by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not-for-profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc by	Gonzalez	using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses				
According to the indictment , Gonzalez is accused of defrauding the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc. , a not-for-profit corporation , by using funds donated to the organization in order to pay for over $ 37,000 in personal expenses .	is a not-for-profit corporation	the West Bronx Neighborhood Association Inc					
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	ceased	cable hauling	After 1895		the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .		
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	pulled	locomotives	trains		the whole length of the Victoria tunnel		
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	pulled	locomotives	trains		whole length of the Waterloo tunnel		
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	is in	a tunnel	Victoria	After 1895			
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .	is in	a tunnel	Waterloo	After 1895			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	found	the Colonials	a primitive , lush and vibrant new world	After five years of searching			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	named a new world	the Colonials	Earth	After five years of searching			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	was	the new world	primitive	After 1895			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	was	the new world	vibrant	After 1895			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	was	the new world	lush	After 1895			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	was	the new world	Earth	After 1895			
After five years of searching , the Colonials found a primitive , lush and vibrant new world and named it Earth .	were searching	the Colonials	five years	After 1895			
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	went on to appear as	Cole	Blanche Ingram		in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC		
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	guest starred as	Cole	Lilith		in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code ''		
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	left	Cole	`` Hex ''			After leaving `` Hex ''	
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	was	`` Jane Eyre ''	critically acclaimed			After leaving `` Hex ''	
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	was	`` Jane Eyre ''	a TV serial for the BBC			After leaving `` Hex ''	
After leaving `` Hex '' , Cole went on to appear as Blanche Ingram in the critically acclaimed `` Jane Eyre '' TV serial for the BBC and guest starred as Lilith in the `` Doctor Who '' episode `` The Shakespeare Code '' .	had	`` Doctor Who ''	`` The Shakespeare Code '' episode			After leaving `` Hex ''	
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	rested in	Battra	the Arctic Ocean	After the battle			
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	retired to	Mothra	Infant Island	After the battle			
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .	was accompanied by	Mothra	the two Cosmos			to Infant Island	
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	were arrested in	many of the republicans	Free State `` round ups ''	After this point			
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	had come out of	many of the republicans	hiding	After this point			
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	had returned	many of the republicans	home	After this point			
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .	were arrested in	many of the republicans	Free State `` round ups ''	when they had come out of hiding and returned home			
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	broke	Knievel	his arms				
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	was more distraught over	Knievel	a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman				
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	caused	Knievel's accident	permanent injury to the cameraman				
Although Knievel broke his arms , he was more distraught over a permanent injury his accident caused to the cameraman .	was permanent	injury to the cameraman					
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	was under constant attack from	`` Hazelwood ''	kamikazes				
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	was under constant attack from	`` Hazelwood ''	fighters				
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	was under constant attack from	`` Hazelwood ''	dive-bombers	on the night of 25 February			
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	came through untouched	`` Hazelwood ''	the invasion	on the night of 25 February			
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .	sank with her guns	`` Hazelwood ''	two small enemy freighters	on the night of 25 February			
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .	is said to be	An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits	`` subsocial ''				
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was published	An original limited artist edition of 250	in 1989			limited artist edition of 250	
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was	An original limited artist edition of 250	an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover				
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was inset into	a digital clock	the front cover			limited artist edition of 250	
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	had	an oversized fine press slip-cased book	stainless steel faced boards			limited artist edition of 250	
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	had	an oversized fine press slip-cased book	a digital clock inset into the front cover			limited artist edition of 250	
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was digital	the clock inset into the front cover					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was oversized	the book					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was slip-cased	the book					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was fine press	the book					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was original	the edition of 250					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was limited	the edition of 250					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	was artist edition	the 250					
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .	were stainless steel faced	the boards					
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	has formed a partnership with	ABS	Habitat for Humanity		in the United States .		
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	has formed a partnership to give a free Bible to	ABS	each of its new homeowners in the United States		in the United States .		
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	will be given to	a free Bible	each of Habitat for Humanity's new homeowners		in the United States		
And ABS has formed a partnership with Habitat for Humanity to give a free Bible to each of its new homeowners in the United States .	will be free	a Bible	in the United States .		in the United States .		
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	was	he	in Ali 's army		back to Madina		
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	was	he	in the Battle of Jamal		back to Madina		
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	was	Ali 's army	in the Battle of Jamal		back to Madina		
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	escorted	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr	Aisha	back to Madina			
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .	was	he	Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr		back to Madina		
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	has	Andrea Bianco	atlas of 1436	in an 18th-century binding .			
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	comprises	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	ten leaves of vellum				
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	is in	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	an 18th-century binding	in an 18th-century binding .			
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	is	Andrea Bianco 's atlas	of 1436	in an 18th-century binding .			
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .	was bound	Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436	in 18th-century				
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were built	Apartment buildings	in close proximity to the MAZ plant			providing plant workers with local necessities .	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were built	medical clinics	in close proximity to the MAZ plant			providing plant workers with local necessities .	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were built	shops	in close proximity to the MAZ plant			providing plant workers with local necessities .	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were built	cinemas	in close proximity to the MAZ plant			providing plant workers with local necessities .	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were providing with local necessities	Apartment buildings	plant workers			were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were providing with local necessities	shops	plant workers			were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were providing with local necessities	medical clinics	plant workers			were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant	
Apartment buildings , shops , medical clinics , cinemas etc. were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant , providing plant workers with local necessities .	were providing with local necessities	cinemas	plant workers			were built in close proximity to the MAZ plant	
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	can use this service to record	Applications	activity for a production system				
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	can use the service to record	implementations of other OSIDs	detailed data	during development			
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	can use the service to record	implementations of other OSIDs	detailed data	during debugging			
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .	can use the service to record detailed data	implementations of other OSIDs	during analyzing performance				
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .	facilitates	Applying this technique	the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen				
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	clashed with	he	Daniel O'Connell		on the appointment of Abraham Brewster		
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	was Attorney General	he					
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	insisted on	he	the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland				
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	was appointed as	Abraham Brewster	Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland				
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	is of	the Lord Lieutenant	Ireland				
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	had wishes	Daniel O'Connell					
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	insisted , against wishes of	he	Daniel O'Connell				
As Attorney General he clashed with Daniel O'Connell when he insisted , against O'Connell 's wishes , on the appointment of Abraham Brewster as Law Adviser to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .	has Law Adviser	Lord Lieutenant of Ireland					
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	was enshrined into	the team	the Basketball Hall of Fame	in 1959			
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .	was enshrined As	the team	a group		into the Basketball Hall of Fame		
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	can not survive outside	the microbe	a narrow pH range				
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	has a range	pH					
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	becomes clear that	it	the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range				
As a result , it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range .	As a result	it becomes clear that the microbe can not survive outside a narrow pH range					
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .	had to be dredged three times	the lower river	in two years	three times in two years .			
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on	the French kings	royal and administrative affairs	As early as the 15th century			
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	sent commissioners to the provinces to take	the French kings	necessary action	As early as the 15th century			
As early as the 15th century , the French kings sent commissioners to the provinces to inspect on royal and administrative affairs and to take necessary action .	were sent to	commissioners	the provinces	As early as the 15th century			
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	materialism			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	moral values			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	the two worlds			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	is	materialism	a world			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	are	moral values	a world			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	corruption			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	dreams			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	is	corruption	a world			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	are	dreams	a world			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	integrity			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts	Armah	social pressure			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	is	integrity	a world			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	is	social pressure	a world			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts the two worlds of	Armah	materialism and moral values			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts the two worlds of	Armah	corruption and dreams			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	contrasts the two worlds of	Armah	integrity and social pressure			in his first novel	
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .	has	Armah	his first novel				
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	requires a functionality for	absolute accuracy of a measurement	calibration			As is true for all sensors	
As is true for all sensors , absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration .	is true for	absolute accuracy of a measurement requires a functionality for calibration	all sensors			As is true for all sensors	
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	aspires to become	Sandy	a banker			As of `` A Wind in the Door ''	
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	is	to become a banker	practical				
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	is	to become a banker	lucrative				
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .	is in	Sandy	`` A Wind in the Door ''				
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	was sought for	a more descriptive name	the Gypsy Horse	starting in the 1990s			
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	was sought As	a more descriptive name	part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community	starting in the 1990s			
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	were to have recognized	several efforts	the Gypsy Horse as a breed outside the Romanichal community	starting in the 1990s			
As part of several efforts to have the Gypsy Horse recognized as a breed outside the Romanichal community , a more descriptive name was sought for it , starting in the 1990s .	is recognized as a breed	the Gypsy Horse	in the Romanichal community	starting in the 1990s			
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	was Assisting in	Fernando Cabello	the recording process				
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	was Assisting in	Eva Dalda	the recording process				
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	was Assisting in	Lydia Iovanne	the recording process				
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	was	Eva Dalda	a friend of the group				
Assisting in the recording process were Fernando Cabello and two friends of the group , Eva Dalda and Lydia Iovanne .	was	Lydia Iovanne	a friend of the group				
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	helped debut	Celine Dion	the newly solvent airline's new image		At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar		
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	was in	a presentation	the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar				
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	was	the airline	solvent			newly	
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	has	the newly solvent airline	a new image		At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar		
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .	is in	Pearson International Airport	Toronto		At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar		
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	disappeared in	At least 11 villagers	the ensuing tsunami				
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	were killed in	8 people	the ensuing tsunami				
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	are	two of 8 people killed in the ensuing tsunami	prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons	in the ensuing tsunami			
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	are at	prisoners	Permisan prisons	in the ensuing tsunami			
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .	was	the tsunami	ensuing	in the ensuing tsunami			
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	are provided in compliance with	these services	state law				
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	are provided in compliance with	these services	federal law				
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	are provided At no cost to	these services	the parents				
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	are reasonably calculated to yield	these services	meaningful educational benefit				
At no cost to the parents , these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law ; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress .	are reasonably calculated to yield	these services	meaningful student progress				
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	is nearly possessed	Ballard	At one point				
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	resists	Ballard	when she is given a drug	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	is given	Ballard	a drug	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that	Ballard	the humans are invaders	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that	Ballard	the humans plan to exterminate the humans on Mars	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	are on	humans	Mars	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	are attacking	the spirits	them	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	believe that	the spirits	the humans are invaders	At one point			
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .	believe that	the spirits	the humans plan to exterminate the humans on Mars	At one point			
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	is unable to leave behind	Barbara	her vigilante life				
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	fought	Barbara	a mugger				
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	miscarried	Barbara	her child	ultimately			
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	had	Barbara	a child				
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	had	Barbara	a vigilante life				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	marks the boundary between	Yesler Way	two different plats				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	is	the boundary	between two different plats				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	does not line up with	the street grid north of Yesler	the neighborhood 's other streets				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	is	the street grid	north of Yesler				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	are in	the other streets	the neighborhood				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	zigzags along	the northern `` border '' of the district	numerous streets				
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .	is in	the `` border '' of the district	the north				
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	plays a significant role in	the alliance	Islamic ethics				
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	had a role in the formation of	Muhammad	the alliance				
Because of Muhammad 's role in its formation , the alliance plays a significant role in Islamic ethics .	plays a significant role in Islamic ethics Because of	the alliance	Muhammad 's role in its formation				
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	can outperform	Beast	any Olympic-level athlete				
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	has	Beast	talents				
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	has	Beast	training				
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	is contorting gracefully	Beast	his body				
Because of his talents and training , Beast can outperform any Olympic-level athlete , contorting his body and performing aerial feats gracefully .	is performing gracefully	Beast	aerial feats				
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	was happily married to	Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart	Wonder Woman				
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	had a	Bruce	Justice Lord counterpart				
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	was happily married until	Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart	Wonder Woman's Justice Lord counterpart killed him				
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	had a	Wonder Woman	Justice Lord counterpart				
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .	killed	Wonder Woman's Justice Lord counterpart	Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart				
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	died of	Burnham	heart failure		at his home in Santa Barbara , California		
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	died at the age of	Burnham	86		at his home in Santa Barbara , California		
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	had his home in	Burnham	Santa Barbara , California	at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947			
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .	is in	Santa Barbara	California	at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947			
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	simply reduces government interest costs rather than	this practice	truly canceling government debt and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly				
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	truly canceling government debt , and can result in	this practice government interest costs rather than	hyperinflation if used unsparingly				
But this practice simply reduces government interest costs rather than truly canceling government debt , and can result in hyperinflation if used unsparingly .	can result in	this practice	hyperinflation				
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews who had been	By then ,	orphaned by the plague				
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	had been orphaned by	her nephews	the plague				
By then , she was raising not only her own children but also her nephews , who had been orphaned by the plague .	she was raising not only her own children but also	By then	her nephews				
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	had returned to	Simpson	his mansion and had surrendered to police		in Brentwood		
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	had returned to	Simpson	his mansion		in Brentwood		
By this point , Simpson had returned to his mansion in Brentwood and had surrendered to police .	had surrendered to	Simpson	the police	By this point			
Byers states that global citizenship is a `` powerful term '' because `` people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	Byers states that global citizenship is	a powerful term because people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action and encourages					
Byers states that global citizenship is a `` powerful term '' because `` people that invoke it do so to provoke and justify action , '' and encourages the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose , based on idealistic values .	encourages	Byers	the attendees of his lecture to re-appropriate it in order for its meaning to have a positive purpose based on idealistic values				
Carl uses the `` old magic '' to tame the Deep Crow , claiming it is not his `` first time to the rodeo . ''	old magic to tame	Carl uses the	the Deep Crow claiming it is not his first time to the rodeo				
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .	appear to have	Certain fractional quantum Hall phases	the right properties for building a topological quantum computer				
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	fulfilled	Chevalier	his promise	the following year			
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	erected	Chevalier	a shrine	the following year			
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	was dedicated to the honour of	a shrine	Mary	the following year			
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	was dedicated under the title of	a shrine	`` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart ''	the following year			
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	is	Mary	`` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart ''	the following year			
Cis-regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .	are	Cis-regulatory elements	sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene				
Cis-regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .	control	sequences	the transcription of a nearby gene				
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	filed	Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington	an Ethics Committee complaint				
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	was filed against	an Ethics Committee complaint	Bond				
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	was filed over	an Ethics Committee complaint	Bond's role in the ouster of Graves				
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	was oustered	Graves					
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	produce	these rifles	a consistent 10 ring performance				
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	are Combined with	these rifles	appropriate match pellets				
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .	can be attributed to	a non-maximal result	the participant		during the initial phase		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	was the first classical organist to perform	Curley	a solo organ recital		at the White House		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	also played before	Curley	several European heads of state		at the White House		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	was	Curley	a classical organist		at the White House		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	performed an organ recital	Curley	solo		at the White House		
Curley was the first classical organist to perform a solo organ recital at the White House , and also played before several European heads of state .	were	several heads of state	European		at the White House		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	held	DC Comics	a memorial service		in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	has	Manhattan	a Lower East Side		in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	is	Manhattan 's Lower East Side	a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work		in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	often visited	Eisner	in his work		Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	worked at	Eisner	the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street		in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	is on	the Angel Orensanz Foundation	Norfolk Street		in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .	was	the service	a memorial		in Manhattan 's Lower East Side		
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was red-hot Despite	Beuerlein	the below-freezing temperatures				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was out-dueling	Beuerlein	Brett Favre				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was connecting on	Beuerlein	29 of 42 attempts				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was connecting with	Beuerlein	3 TDs				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was connecting with	Beuerlein	no INTs				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was passing for	Beuerlein	a then franchise-record 373 yards				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	was	373 yards	franchise-record				
Despite the below-freezing temperatures , Beuerlein was red-hot , out-dueling Brett Favre and connecting on 29 of 42 attempts , with 3 TDs and no INTs , and passing for a then franchise-record 373 yards .	were	temperatures	below-freezing				
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .	was intended to have	Dodo	a `` common '' accent				originally
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .	is portrayed this way at	Dodo	the end of `` The Massacre ''				originally
Dodo was originally intended to have a `` common '' accent , and is portrayed this way at the end of `` The Massacre '' .	has	Dodo	a `` common '' accent in `` The Massacre ''	at the end			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played for	Dr. Pim	Ireland	in 1892			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played for	Dr. Pim	Ireland	in 1893			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played for	Dr. Pim	Ireland	in 1894			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played for	Dr. Pim	Ireland	in 1896			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played against	Dr. Pim	England	in 1892			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played against	Dr. Pim	England	in 1893			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played against	Dr. Pim	England	in 1894			
Dr. Pim played for Ireland against England in 1892 , 1893 , 1894 and 1896 .	played against	Dr. Pim	England	in 1896			
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	can be viewed as	the two songs	a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play				
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	have	the two songs	opposing nature				
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	are found throughout	opposing attitudes on love	the play				
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	are found	opposing attitudes on love	throughout the play				
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	is opposing	the nature of the two songs					
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	are opposing	attitudes on love found throughout the play					
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .	is on	a debate	the opposing attitudes on love				
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was barely hearable	it	in the northern portions of Atlanta			Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage	
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was barely hearable	it	in the northern reaches of Fulton County			Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage	
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was barely hearable	it	in the northern reaches of DeKalb County			Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage	
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was	it	a rimshot to		the southwest of the city		
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was being based	the transmitter location	in Tyrone		the southwest of the city		
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	had	it	a smaller signal wattage		the southwest of the city		
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	increased from	the number of Turkish run cafes	20	in 1939			
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	increased to	the number of Turkish run cafes	200	in 1945			
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .	created	increased number of Turkish run cafes	a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers	During the Second World War			
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Paddington	During the morning rush hours			
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Reading	During the morning rush hours			
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Paddington	During the evening rush hours			
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Reading	During the evening rush hours			
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	are	rush hours	During the morning				
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	are	rush hours	During the evening				
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	was renamed	the ACT Rugby Union	the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union	During the off-season			
During the off-season the ACT Rugby Union was renamed the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union , and the name of the team was changed to Brumbies Rugby .	was changed to	the name of the team	Brumbies Rugby	During the off-season			
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .	brought	Each of the Matoran	their Toa stone		at the Great Temple		
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .	met	Each of the Matoran	each other		at the Great Temple		
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	escapes	Each time Cluemaster	Stephanie dons her costume again		at the Great Temple		
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .	starts some new plan	Each time Cluemaster	Stephanie dons her costume again		at the Great Temple		
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	has been predominantly produced by	Erotica involving sex between women	men				
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	has been predominantly produced by	pornography involving sex between women	men				
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	has been predominantly produced for	Erotica involving sex between women	a male and female audience				
Erotica and pornography involving sex between women have been predominantly produced by men for a male and female audience .	has been predominantly produced for	pornography involving sex between women	a male and female audience				
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	could lead to	Failure to perform the duty	prosecution at law				
Failure to perform the duty could lead to prosecution at law and re-enslavement .	could lead to	Failure to perform the duty	re-enslavement				
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	are compiled from	Falun Gong 's teachings	Li 's lectures				
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	holds definitional power in	Li	that belief system				
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	is	Falun Gong	that belief system				
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	has	Falun Gong	teachings				
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	has	Li	lectures				
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .	is definitional	Li 's power					
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	reacted	Fans	to the news of the suspension				
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	smashing	some fans	their XM units				
Fans reacted to the news of the suspension by canceling their XM Radio subscriptions , with some fans even going as far as smashing their XM units .	cancellled	Fans	their XM Radio subscriptions				
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	was dug	the Miami Canal	bypassing the rapids		head of the North Fork		
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .	was dug , bypassing	the Miami Canal	the rapids		at the head of the North Fork		
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	banned	the University	smoking	From the start of the first semester of 2010			
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	banned smoking	the University	on any of its property	From the start of the first semester of 2010			
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	pertaining to	knowledge and interest	the event				
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	pertaining to	level of importance	the event				
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	contribute to	knowledge and interest pertaining to  the event	the frequency of rehearsal				
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .	contribute to	level of importance pertaining to the event	the frequency of rehearsal				
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	is very	Gameplay	basic				
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	must shoot constantly	the player	at a continual stream of enemies				
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .	must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies	the player	in order to reach the end of each level				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is	Gavin Hood	a South African filmmaker				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is	Gavin Hood	a South African screenwriter				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is	Gavin Hood	a South African producer				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is	Gavin Hood	a South African actor				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is best known for writing	Gavin Hood	the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi ''				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is best known for directing	Gavin Hood	the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi ''				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is	`` Tsotsi ''	a Foreign Language Film				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is	`` Tsotsi ''	Academy Award-winning				
Gavin Hood is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing the Academy Award-winning Foreign Language Film `` Tsotsi '' .	is of	Gavin Hood	South Africa				
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	is patriarch of	George Bluth Sr.	the Bluth family				among many other activities .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	is the founder of	George Bluth Sr.	the Bluth Company				among many other activities .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	is the former CEO of	George Bluth Sr.	the Bluth Company				among many other activities .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	was CEO of	George Bluth Sr.	the Bluth Company				formerly
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	markets	the Bluth Company	mini-mansions				among many other activities .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	builds	the Bluth Company	mini-mansions				among many other activities .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .	has	the Bluth Company	many other activities				among many other activities .
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	battled	Godzilla	Battra		on the ocean floor		
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	battled	Battra	Godzilla		on the ocean floor		
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	caused to open	Godzilla and Battra	a rift		between tectonic plates		
Godzilla and Battra battled on the ocean floor , until they caused a rift to open between tectonic plates .	battled	Godzilla and Battra	on the ocean floor	until they caused a rift to open			
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	can be acquired with	Good 1H NMR spectra	16 repeats				
Good 1H NMR spectra can be acquired with 16 repeats , which takes only minutes .	takes	16 repeats	only minutes				
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	seeks to spread	HTB	the teachings of Christianity				
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	is for an Alpha course to be accessible to	HTB 's aim	anyone who would like to attend the course				
HTB 's aim is for an Alpha course to be accessible to anyone who would like to attend the course , and in this way HTB seeks to spread the teachings of Christianity .	has	HTB	an aim				
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	played in	Hapoel Lod	the top division	during the 1960s			
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	played in	Hapoel Lod	the top division	during the 1980s			
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .	won	Hapoel Lod	the State Cup	in 1984			
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	was directed to found in the United States	Fr	a monastery of his order	in 1873			
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	will be found	a monastery	in the United States	in 1873			
Having been directed to found a monastery of his order in the United States in 1873 , Fr .	has	Fr	an order	in 1873			
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	is	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	a MRO-Service company				
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	offers	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	landing gear for all major aircraft types				
Hawker Pacific Aerospace is a MRO-Service company which offers landing gear and hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types .	offers	Hawker Pacific Aerospace	hydraulic MRO services for all major aircraft types				
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	also possesses	He	enhanced senses				
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	can track for great distances	He	people				
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	are sensitive enough to detect	his feet	electronic signals				
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	are sensitive enough to detect	his feet	electronic signals				
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	has	He	feet sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls				
He also possesses enhanced senses and can track people for great distances over open terrain and his feet are sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through solid walls and floors .	has	He	feet sensitive enough to detect electronic signals through floors				
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	also took	He	124 wickets	in 1962-63			
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	took 7 for 39 wickets against	He	Sargodha	in 1962-63			
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	took 6 for 44 wickets against	He	Sargodha	in 1962-63			
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	was	7 for 39 wickets against Sargodha in 1962-63	one of his best bowling figures	in 1962-63			
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .	was	6 for 44 wickets against Sargodha in 1962-63	one of his best bowling figures	in 1962-63			
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	appeared in	He	that game				
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	appeared alongside	He	his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood	from Sheffield			
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	had joined	his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood	them		from Sheffield		
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	is	his Arsenal midfield colleague	Brian Marwood	from Sheffield			
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	is in	Brian Marwood	Arsenal midfield	from Sheffield			
He appeared in that game alongside his Arsenal midfield colleague Brian Marwood , who had joined them from Sheffield Wednesday eight months earlier .	is in	He	Arsenal midfield	from Sheffield			
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	defines Wild Cards as	He	` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition				
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	are	Wild Cards	Low Probability events				
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	are	Wild Cards	High Impact events				
He defines Wild Cards as ` Low Probability , High Impact events that , were they to occur , would severely impact the human condition ' .	would severely impact	Wild Cards	the human condition				
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	finds	He	himself		in a desert		
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	surround	a group of Neo Arcadians	him		in a desert		
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	is ending	a group of Neo Arcadians surrounding him	the game		in a desert		
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	is ending	the game					
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	had spent	He	in jail	11 years			
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	had been acquitted twice	He					
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .	despite	He had spent 11 years in jail	having been acquitted twice				
He is idolized , receiving the name of `` God '' .	is	He	idolized				
He is idolized , receiving the name of `` God '' .	is receiving	He	the name of `` God ''				
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	left his	He	old company to expand his career into something bigger				
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .	wanted to	He	expand his career into something bigger				
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	left only	He	a small contingent to guard				
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	took his	He	entire army				
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	left only	Alexander	a small contingent				
He left only a small contingent to guard the defile , and took his entire army to destroy the plain that lay ahead of Alexander 's army .	destroyed	Alexander	the entire army that lay ahead				
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	lodged	He	with other medical students		near the hospital		
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	lodged	He	with other medical students	at 28 St Thomas 's Street			
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	lodged	He	with Henry Stephens		in Southwark		
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	became a	He	famous inventor				
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	became a	He	ink magnate				
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	lodged with	Henry Stephens	other medical students		in Southwark		
He lodged near the hospital at 28 St Thomas 's Street in Southwark , with other medical students , including Henry Stephens who became a famous inventor and ink magnate .	became a	Henry Stephens	famous inventor				
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	played	He	Perker in the adaptation of ""The Pickwick Papers	in 1985			
He played Perker in the 1985 adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers '' .	was	Perker	in in adaptation of `` The Pickwick Papers ''	in 1985			
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	represented	He	Nickel Belt		in Sudbury		
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	represented	He	Nickel Belt		in Ontario		
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	was riding	He	with  Nickel Belt		in Sudbury		
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	talked to	He	McGee				
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	about	He talked to McGee	using his name				
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	received permission to use  his name	He	from McGee				
He talked to McGee about using his name and received permission , which is confirmed by correspondence between McGee and his family .	had  correspondence between	McGee	his family				
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	was a member of	He	the European Convention				
He was a member of the European Convention , which drafted the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force .	drafted	the European Convention	the text of the European Constitution that never entered into force				
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	was	He	buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum		at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery		
He was subsequently reprieved for a month , and then again for a week .	was subsequently	He	reprieved for a month  , and then again for a week				
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .	signifies	Her image held aloft	the Earth , which `` hangs  in the air ''				
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .	held	Her image	aloft				
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .	hangs	the Earth	in the air				
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	was a alliance created by various Meccans including	Hilf al-Fudul	the Islamic prophet Muhammad to establish fair commercial dealing	7th-century			
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	to establish fair commercial dealing	Hilf al-Fudul	Islamic prophet Muhammad	7th-century			
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .	created by various Meccans	Hilf al-Fudul	the Islamic prophet Muhammad	7th-century			
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	was a village	Aiseau	dedicated to agriculture				
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	logging to the industry	Aiseau	Historically				
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	are quenched	Hoechst	33342 and 33258				
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .	used to detect dividing cells	Hoechst	Bromodeoxyuridine				
Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .	electronics chemistry stamp coin collecting	Hofmann	high school student				
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	recently stated it no longer produces	BAE Systems	land mines				
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	from various human rights groups	BAE Systems					
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups	BAE Systems					
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	bears some resemblance to	comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk ''	Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	is	`` Mike McGurk ''	the comic relief sidekick				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	has	Tracy	partner from				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	is	Pat Patton	Tracy 's partner from the strip				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	provides the same kind of feminine interest as	Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews	Tess Trueheart				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	has	Tracy	secretary				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	is	Gwen Andrews	Tracy 's secretary				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	provides	Tess Trueheart	feminine interest				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	is the same kind of avuncular superior as	FBI Director Clive Anderson	Chief Brandon				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	is	Chief Brandon	an avuncular superior				
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .	is	Clive Anderson	FBI Director				
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	lost control of	Knievel	the motorcycle	during his rehearsal			
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	had	Knievel	a rehearsal				
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .	crashed into	Knievel	a cameraman	during his rehearsal			
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	was	population growth	strong	over the last three decades			
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	has seen it progressively lose	strong population growth	its rural territory	over the last three decades			
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	has reduced it to	strong population growth	a more coastal-based division	over the last three decades			
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	has reduced it to	strong population growth	a more urbanised division	over the last three decades			
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .	became far less safe for	it	the Nationals	from 1983 onward			
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	fail to protect the vaccinees when	vaccines	the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match				
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	have	seed strains	antigenicities				
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	have	wild viruses	antigenicities				
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	would be able to adjust their aim If given	the Germans	this data			If given	
If given this data , the Germans would be able to adjust their aim and correct any shortfall .	would be able to correct any shortfall If given	the Germans	this data			If given	
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	points in a	the average magnetization vector	nonparallel direction	before the relaxation is complete			
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	giving	the average magnetization vector points in a nonparallel direction	suboptimal absorption of the pulse	before the relaxation is complete			
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	giving	the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction	suboptimal emission of the pulse	before the relaxation is complete			
In 1005 for example , the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium had surrendered the town to Basil II .	had surrendered the town  to	the governor of the important Adriatic port of Dyrrhachium	Basil II	In 1005			
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	began a second term as	he	Lord Chancellor	In 1866			
In 1866 , he began a second term as Lord Chancellor , which ended with his death in the next year .	died	the Lord Chancellor	in 1867				
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	published	she	`` The Omaha Tribe ''	In 1911			
In 1911 , with Francis La Flesche , she published `` The Omaha Tribe '' .	published `` The Omaha Tribe '' with	she	Francis La Flesche	In 1911			
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	was bought by	`` The News and Courier ''	the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper	In 1926			
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''	is	Charleston 's main evening paper	`` The Evening Post . ''	In 1926			
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	discovered	a KOMO news photographer	a way to develop color film	In 1954			
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	discovered	a KOMO news photographer	a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days	In 1954			
In 1954 , a KOMO news photographer discovered a way to develop color film in a new process that took just a few hours instead of days .	discovered	a KOMO news photographer	a way to develop color film in a new process	In 1954			
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	appeared in	Barrie	two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents ''	In 1964			
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .	appeared in	Barrie	an episode of  `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents ''	In 1964			
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	won from	he	Yakutpura	In 1972			
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	won from	he	Charminar	in 1978			
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	found	researchers	metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ	In 1972			
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	was directed by	Barrie	Lee Grant in a television movie	In 1975			
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	was directed by	Barrie	Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall ''	In 1975			
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	was in	Barrie	the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall ''	In 1975			
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	was `` Charlotte '' in	Barrie	the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall ''	In 1975			
In 1975 Barrie was directed by Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte '' .	was directed by	Barrie	Lee Grant in the television movie `` For The Use Of The Hall '' as `` Charlotte ''	In 1975			
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	appeared in	she	two television films	In 1977			
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	appeared as	she	the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character		in `` 79 Park Avenue ''		
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	appeared as	she	Emily McPhail		in `` Tell Me My Name ''		
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	was in	Lesley Ann Warren 's character	`` 79 Park Avenue ''	In 1977			
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	was a character in	Emily McPhail	`` Tell Me My Name ''	In 1977			
In 1977 she appeared in two television films , as the mother of Lesley Ann Warren 's character in `` 79 Park Avenue '' and as Emily McPhail in `` Tell Me My Name '' .	was in	Lesley Ann Warren	`` 79 Park Avenue ''	In 1977			
In 1987 , Rodan became president of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research .	became president of	Rodan	the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research	In 1987			
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	became also outspoken against	Kelsang Gyatso	the Geshe Studies Programme	In 1990			
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''	made compulsory	Kelsang Gyatso	the pursuit of his new programmes	In 1990			
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	finished at the top of	the Brumbies	the Super 12 table	In 2004			
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .	were six points clear of	the Brumbies	the next best team	In 2004			
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	applied for	they	National League Three	In 2006			
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	were finishing in	they	5th place	In 2006			
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	were qualifying for	they	the play-offs	In 2006			
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .	lost to	they	St Albans Centurions		in the play-offs		
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	announced	Sun	`` Project Indiana ''	In 2007			
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	has	`` Project Indiana ''	several goals	In 2007			
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	include providing	several goals of `` Project Indiana ''	an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project				
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	will be replacing	an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project	SXDE				
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	co-opted	scam websites	a photograph of her	In 2010			
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was co-opted to promote	a photograph of her	health treatments				
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was co-opted to promote	a photograph of her	the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets				
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was co-opted to promote	a photograph of her	penny auctions				
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was unaware of	Theuriau	unauthorized usage of a photograph of her				
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	are ubiquitous	`` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets					
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was	Theuriau	her				
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	launched	major vendors	several consumer-oriented motherboards	In 2011			
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	are using	several consumer-oriented motherboards	the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset				
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	are using	several consumer-oriented motherboards	the AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI				
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .	are consumer-oriented	several motherboards					
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	voted as America 's Best City	Bloomberg Businessweek	San Francisco	In 2012			
In 2012 , Bloomberg Businessweek voted San Francisco as America 's Best City .	is a City in	San Francisco	America	In 2012			
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	is mentioned as	Marcus Perperna	one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial		In 54 BC		
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	is one of	Marcus Perperna	the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial		In 54 BC		
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	had	Marcus Aemilius Scaurus	a trial		In 54 BC		
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .	bore testimony on behalf of	Marcus Perperna	Marcus Aemilius Scaurus		at his trial		
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	regulate	two organizations	university athletics		In Canada		
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	regulate	two organizations	collegiate athletics		In Canada		
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	can mean	`` droit ''	`` the whole body of the Law ''		In French		
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	is in	`` droit ''	French				
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	is to say	the motto `` dieu et mon droit ''	`` God and my whole body of Law ''		In French		
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	is	`` dieu et mon droit ''	a motto		In French		
In French , `` droit '' can mean `` the whole body of the Law '' , as in the motto `` dieu et mon droit , '' which is to say `` God and my whole body of Law . ''	is In	`` dieu et mon droit ''	French				
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	are called In Jewish Hebrew	the Samaritans	`` Shomronim ''				
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	call themselves in Samaritan Hebrew	the Samaritans	`` Shamerim ''				
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	is in	`` Shomronim ''	Jewish Hebrew				
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .	is in	`` Shamerim ''	Samaritan Hebrew				
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .	In Jewish belief will be revealed in	its fulfilment	the cumulation of Creation		in the physical World		
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	took control of	Nasser	the interior ministry	In June			
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	took control from	Nasser	Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez	In June			
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	was	Sulayman Hafez	a Naguib loyalist	In June			
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	had	Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez	interior ministry post	In June			
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .	pressured to conclude the abolition of the monarchy	Nasser	Naguib	In June			
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	was confirmed a hitching point for	the Byrom Street cutting	trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel	In October 2009			
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	was confirmed an unhitching point for	the Byrom Street cutting	trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel	In October 2009			
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	are being cable hauled to	trains	Edge Hill	In October 2009			
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	are being cable hauled via	trains	the Victoria Tunnel	In October 2009			
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	joined	she	the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force	In September 1941			
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	was working at	she	the Department of the Chief of Air Staff	In September 1941			
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	was working as	she	Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties		at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff		
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	was posted to	she	Moreton-in-Marsh	in July 1942			
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .	was promoted to	she	Section officer		at Moreton-in-Marsh		
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	were among	all cases of meatal stenosis	circumcised boys		In Van Howe 's study		
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	had	Van Howe	a study				
In Van Howe 's study , all cases of meatal stenosis were among circumcised boys .	were circumcised	boys					
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	was	Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name	`` The Andromeda Strain ''				
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	published under his real name	Michael Crichton	`` The Andromeda Strain ''				
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	survive	only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe	In `` The Andromeda Strain ''				
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	are exposed to	people	a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe		In `` The Andromeda Strain ''		
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	is	a pathogenic microbe	extraterrestrial		In `` The Andromeda Strain ''		
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .	has	Michael Crichton	a first novel				
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	stated that	Holkins	he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France		In a news post		
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	reserved the right to bring Carl back	Holkins	any time Krahulik goes to France		In a news post		
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	occupies In a typical case of substrate interference	a Language A	a given territory				
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	arrives In a typical case of substrate interference	another Language B	in the same territory				
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	commented	John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee	`` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''				
In addition , as John Cecil Masterman , chairman of the Twenty Committee , commented , `` If , for example , St Paul 's Cathedral were hit , it was useless and harmful to report that the bomb had descended upon a cinema in Islington , since the truth would inevitably get through to Germany ... ''	was chairman of	John Cecil Masterman	the Twenty Committee				
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	left	Boston College	the Big East Conference	on July 1 , 2005			
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	joined	Boston College	the Atlantic Coast Conference	on July 1 , 2005			
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .	is in	Boston College	athletics	on July 1 , 2005			
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	replaces In both cases	this specialized function	the basic rifleman position		in the fireteam		
In both cases this specialized function replaces the basic rifleman position in the fireteam .	is basic	the rifleman position	in the fireteam				
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	concluded	RCPO	858 cases	In its first six months			
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	had convictions in	RCPO	88 % of cases	In its first six months			
In its first six months , RCPO concluded 858 cases convictions in 88 % of cases .	were convictions	88 % of 858 cases					
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	is often treated as	it	a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family		In modern classifications		
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .	has	the Glyphipterigidae family	a subfamily		In modern classifications		
In more recent years , this policy has apparently relaxed somewhat .	has apparently relaxed somewhat	this policy	In more recent years				
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	ordered	UTA	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles			In order to support planned TRAX expansion	
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	ordered from	UTA	Siemens AG			In order to support planned TRAX expansion	
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	ordered to support	UTA	planned TRAX expansion			UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG	
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	was planned	TRAX expansion					
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	will support	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles	planned TRAX expansion				
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	have been severely affected	Cyprinidae	in southwestern North America		in southwestern North America		
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	went entirely extinct	a considerable number of Cyprinidae	in southwestern North America		in southwestern North America		
In particular , Cyprinidae of southwestern North America have been severely affected ; a considerable number went entirely extinct after settlement by Europeans .	went entirely extinct	a considerable number of Cyprinidae	in southwestern North America			after settlement by Europeans	
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	were under	the Oppositionists	George Leake	In the 1901 election			
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	were able to form	the Oppositionists	a minority government	after the 1901 election			
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	was formerly	Frank Wilson	the member for				
In the 1901 election , after which the Oppositionists under George Leake were able to form a minority government , Frank Wilson , formerly the member for Canning , won the seat .	won	Frank Wilson	the seat In the election	in 1901			
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .	depended on	most of the economy	tourism		in Kabul		
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .	depended on	most of the economy	tourism		in Kabul		
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	was a	`` War and Remembrance ''	television series	in 1986			
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	took the role of	Johns	the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance ''	In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance ''			
In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance '' , Johns took the role of the senior Nazi SS officer Adolf Eichmann .	was a	Adolf Eichmann	senior Nazi SS officer	In the 1986 television series `` War and Remembrance ''			
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	advocated	he	strong prosecution of the Union War effort	In the Civil War			
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	advocated	he	the end of slavery	In the Civil War			
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	advocated	he	civil rights for freed African Americans	In the Civil War			
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	formed part of	the 5th Dragoon Guards	the Heavy Cavalry Brigade	In the Crimean War			
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .	was sent to	the 5th Dragoon Guards	the Black Sea	in 1854 In the Crimean War			
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	broke away from	the Welsh Methodists	the Anglican church	In the early 19th century			
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	established	the Welsh Methodists	their own denomination	In the early 19th century			
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	is	the Welsh Methodists' own denomination	the Presbyterian Church of Wales	now			
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .	is	the Welsh Methodists' own denomination	the Presbyterian Church		of Wales		
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .	speak	inhabitants	Bumthangkha		In the north		
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .	speak	inhabitants	Bumthangkha		In the east		
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .	speak	inhabitants	Khengkha		in the extreme southeast		
In the north and east inhabitants speak Bumthangkha , and in the extreme southeast Khengkha is spoken .	is spoken	Khengkha	in the extreme southeast		null		
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	was scheduled for	Knievel	a major jump		in Chicago , Illinois		
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .	is in	Chicago	Illinois				
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	is that	the purpose of Creation In this explanation	`` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms ''				
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	transforms into an abode for	man	God 's essence		the mundane , lowest World		
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	is transformed into	the mundane , lowest World	an abode for God 's essence				
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .	desired a dwelling place	God	in the lower realms				
In those years , he began to collaborate with some newspapers .	began to collaborate with	he	some newspapers	In those years			
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	transitioned to flying	the squadron	the A-4L Skyhawk	later			
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	was flying	the squadron	the A-4B Skyhawk				
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	is a	A-4B	Skyhawk				
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .	is a	A-4L	Skyhawk				
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .	were thought to be	his chances of surviving	no better than 50-50				
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .	were of	his chances	surviving				
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	has	It	long hind legs				
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	has	It	a long tail				
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	has	It	a slender tail				
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	has	It	a scaly tail				
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	uses to communicate by making drumming noises	it	a long , slender , scaly tail				
It has long hind legs and a long , slender , scaly tail that it uses to communicate by making drumming noises .	makes	it	drumming noises				
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	is essentially the same as	It	the dialect spoken in Xiamen				
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	is spoken in	the dialect	Xiamen				
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .	is unintelligible with	It	Standard Chinese				
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	is not really passable	It					
It is not really passable , and must be done on foot if attempted .	if attempted must be done on	It	foot				
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	is part of	It	the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty				
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .	is situated on	It	the Green Sand Way				
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	are inclusive of any of	numbers	the childminders own children				
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	are inclusive of	these numbers	the childminders own children				
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	was chosen because it was a	It	triangulation station	in 1901			
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .	was chosen because it was a	It	triangulation station		at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States		
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	was named for	It	an officer Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley  who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie		in the War of 1812		
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	was mainly remembered  for	an officer Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	the Battle of Lundy 's Lane	in 1814			
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	was mainly remembered  for	an officer Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	the Siege of Fort Erie	in 1814			
It was named for Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley , an officer in the War of 1812 , who was mainly remembered for the Battle of Lundy 's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie , in 1814 .	was	Gen. Eleazer Wheelock Ripley	an officer	in 1812			
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .	was originally aimed at	It	mature entrants to the teaching profession				
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .	was originally aimed at	It	mature entrants who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE				
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	declined in favour of the	cultivation	Asian species		East Africa		
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	declined  in favour of the	cultivation	Asian species which spread westward		East Africa		
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .	was introduced to	cultivation	East Africa		early in the common era		
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .	introduced	JAL	jet service		on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route		
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	is an	James Arthur Hogue	impostor				
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	is in	James Arthur Hogue	US				
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	most famously entered	James Arthur Hogue	Princeton University				
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .	entered Princeton University by posing as	James Arthur Hogue	a self-taught orphan				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was detonated	New Warworld	next to the Anti-Monitor				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was detonated	the Yellow Central Power Battery	next to the Anti-Monitor				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was created by	a shield	hundreds of Green Lanterns				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was created to contain	a shield	the explosion				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	brought down	John Stewart	New Warworld				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	brought down	John Stewart	the Yellow Central Power Battery				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	brought down	Guy Gardner	New Warworld				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	brought down	Guy Gardner	the Yellow Central Power Battery				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was not enough to kill	the explosion	him				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was	the Anti-Monitor	him				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was not enough to kill	the explosion	the Anti-Monitor				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was contained by	New Warworld	a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns				
John Stewart and Guy Gardner brought down New Warworld and the Yellow Central Power Battery , which were detonated next to the Anti-Monitor , and contained by a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns to contain the explosion ; even this was not enough to kill him .	was contained by	the Yellow Central Power Battery	a shield created by hundreds of Green Lanterns				
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	also appeared as	Johns	an Imperial Officer	in the 1980			
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	also appeared in	Johns	the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back ''				
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	was	`` The Empire Strikes Back ''	the `` Star Wars sequel ''	in 1980			
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	was in	an Imperial Officer	the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back ''	in 1980			
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	had a	Star Wars	sequel	in 1980			
Johns also appeared as an Imperial Officer in the 1980 `` Star Wars sequel '' , `` The Empire Strikes Back '' .	was	`` The Empire Strikes Back ''	in 1980				
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	assumed he would pursue	Keats 's family	a lifelong career in medicine				
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	it seems had a genuine desire to become	Keats	a doctor	at this point			
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had medical training with	Keats	Hammond				
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had medical training at	Keats	Guy 's Hospital				
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had	Keats	long medical training		at Guy 's Hospital		
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had	Keats	expensive medical training		at Guy 's Hospital		
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	will be assuring	a lifelong career in medicine	financial security				
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	led his family to assume	Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital	he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine				
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars '' .	asked for	Keibler	time off	then			
Keibler then asked for time off to appear on `` Dancing with the Stars '' .	asked to appear on	Keibler	`` Dancing with the Stars ''				
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	graduated from	Kim	Ballard High School		in Louisville , Kentucky		
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	graduated from	Kim	Oberlin College		in Ohio		
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	double-majored in	Kim	Government and English		at Oberlin College in Ohio		
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	played for	Kim	the varsity lacrosse team		at Oberlin College in Ohio		
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	is in	Ballard High School	Louisville , Kentucky				
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	is in	Louisville	Kentucky				
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	is in	Oberlin College	Ohio				
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	include	Kostabi 's other releases	`` Songs For Sumera ''				
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	include	Kostabi 's other releases	`` New Alliance ''				
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	include	Kostabi 's other releases	`` The Spectre Of Modernism ''				
Kostabi 's other releases include : `` Songs For Sumera '' , `` New Alliance '' and `` The Spectre Of Modernism '' .	has	Kostabi	other releases				
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	kept with his longer reach	Langford	Walcott		at a distance		
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	used his footwork to evade	Langford	all of Walcott 's attacks				
Langford kept Walcott at a distance with his longer reach and used his footwork to evade all of Walcott 's attacks .	had	Langford	a longer reach				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	begins to supplant	Language B	language A	then			
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	abandon in favor of the other language	the speakers of Language A	their own language				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	believe that abandoning their own language language in favor of the other language will help them achieve	the speakers of Language A	certain goals within government				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	believe that abandoning their own language language in favor of the other language will help them achieve	the speakers of Language A	certain goals within the workplace				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	believe that abandoning their own language language in favor of the other language will help them achieve	the speakers of Language A	certain goals in social settings				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	are	certain goals	within government				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	are	certain goals	within the workplace				
Language B then begins to supplant language A : the speakers of Language A abandon their own language in favor of the other language , generally because they believe that it will help them achieve certain goals within government , the workplace , and in social settings .	are	certain goals	in social settings				
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	believes that if	Lemmy	Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems				
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	ended up exchanging	they	a few words				
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	left	Clarke	the studio				
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	had been	Will Reid Dick	there				
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	had been	Will Reid Dick	in the studio				
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	is also seen in	Lens subluxation	dogs				
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .	is characterized by	Lens subluxation	a partial displacement of the lens				
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	began	Li Hongzhi	his public teachings of Falun Gong		in Changchun		
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	gave	Li Hongzhi	lectures	subsequently			
Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun , and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China .	taught	Li Hongzhi	Falun Gong exercises		across China		
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	often lampooned	it	the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time				
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	was Like	it	other BBC content of the mid-1990s				
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	was of	other BBC content	the mid-1990s		in the UK at the time		
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .	had	available satellite television	low-budget quality		in the UK		
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	is	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	an American politician				
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	served as	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	the 59th Mayor		of Pittsburgh		
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .	served as	Luke Robert Ravenstahl	the 59th Mayor		of Pittsburgh		
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .	had a median income of	Males	$28,750				
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .	had a median income of	females	$16,250				
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .	is versus	median income of Males	median income of females				
Males had a median income of $ 28,750 versus $ 16,250 for females .	is versus	$ 28,750 for Males	$ 16,250 for females				
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	had a median income of	Males	$36,016				
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	had a median income of	females	$32,679				
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	is versus	median income of Males	median income of females				
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	is versus	$ 36,016 for Males	$ 32,679 for females				
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	are surgically removed for	Many	aesthetics				
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	are surgically removed for	Many	relief of psychosocial burden				
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	are also excised for	larger ones	prevention of cancer				
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .	is impossible to assess for	the benefit of larger ones excised for prevention of cancer	any individual patient				
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	often speak	Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area	mainly Hokkien		at home		
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	often speak	especially those overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area	mainly Hokkien		at home		
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	are	Many Chinese	overseas				
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	have ancestors from	Many overseas Chinese	the Quanzhou area				
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .	often speak at home	especially those overseas Chinese	mainly Hokkien		in Southeast Asia		
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	continued to operate as usual	the Mason City Division	Meanwhile				
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	produce figures between	Models	15,000 soldiers				
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	produce figures between	Models	36,000 soldiers				
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	are in	the barrack blocks	the Gorgan Wall forts				
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	is taken into account	the size of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts					
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	is taken into account	the room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts					
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	is taken into account	likely occupation density					
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	taking into account	Models produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers	the size of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts				
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	taking into account	Models produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers	the room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts				
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	taking into account	Models produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers	likely occupation density				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	were more widely spread	Modern educational methods	throughout the Empire				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	embarked on	the country	a development scheme				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	embarked on	the country	plans for modernization				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	were tempered by	plans for modernization	Ethiopian traditions				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	were within the framework of	plans for modernization	the ancient monarchical structure of the state				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	are	traditions	Ethiopian				
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .	has	the state	ancient monarchical structure				
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	has been blended without sacrificing on	Modernity	the traditional Buddhist ethos				
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	is traditional	Buddhist ethos					
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	began in earnest with	Modification of the river	the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami	in 1896			
Modification of the river began in earnest with the arrival of the Florida East Coast Railway in Miami in 1896 .	is in	the Florida East Coast Railway	Miami				
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	briefly dropped	Moore	Marciano	in the second round			
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	knocked down five times	Marciano	Moore				
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	knocked out to retain the belt	Marciano	Moore	in the ninth			
Moore briefly dropped Marciano in the second round , but Marciano recovered and knocked Moore down five times , knocking him out in the ninth to retain the belt .	retained	Marciano	the belt				in the ninth to retain
Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access .	remains	the station	in the disused subway but there is no public access				
Newhan split the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .	split	Newhan	the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he  hit .308				
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	made	UTV	No announcement about the decision to close the station earlier than planned				
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	was to close	the decision	the station	earlier than planned			
No announcement from UTV was made about the decision to close the station earlier than planned .	is	UTV	the station				
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	has	Noatak	a gravel public airstrip				
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	is primarily reached by	Noatak	air				
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	is in	a gravel public airstrip	Noatak				
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .	is gravel	Noatak's public airstrip					
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	completely trusted	Not everyone	Vakama 's vision				
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	was particularly frustrated at following	Matau	what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter ''				
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	decided to track down	they	the Matoran			with nothing else to go on	
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	considered Vakama 's vision	Matau	the delusions of a `` fire-spitter ''				
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	considered Vakama	Matau	a `` fire-spitter ''				
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	had	they	nothing else to go on				
Not everyone completely trusted Vakama 's vision - Matau was particularly frustrated at following what he considered the delusions of a `` fire-spitter '' - but with nothing else to go on they decided to track the Matoran down .	had	Vakama	a vision				
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	is known for certain about	Nothing	his life before about 1580				
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	suggest that	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland	before leaving for the Continent			
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	suggest that	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	he spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent	before leaving for the Continent			
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .	suggest that	contemporary or near-contemporary accounts	he was converted to Catholicism in Spain	before leaving for the Continent			
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	was not	the epilogue	an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition				
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	is referred to in	the epilogue	`` The Castaway ''				
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''	is	the epilogue	`` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''				
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	belonged to	1 individual	the Christian Catholic faith				
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	was Of	1 individual	the rest of the population				
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	belonged to	1 individual Of the rest of the population	the Christian Catholic faith				
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	is Christian	the Catholic faith					
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	was requested to give information on	British double agent `` Garbo ''	the sites of V-1 impacts	On 16 June 1944			
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	was requested to give information on	British double agent `` Garbo ''	the times of V-1 impacts	On 16 June 1944			
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	was requested by	British double agent `` Garbo ''	his German controllers	On 16 June 1944			
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	was a	`` Garbo ''	British double agent				
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	had	British double agent `` Garbo ''	German controllers				
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	were made to	similar requests	the other German agents in Britain	On 16 June 1944			
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	were made to	similar requests	`` Brutus ''	On 16 June 1944			
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	were made to	similar requests	`` Tate ''	On 16 June 1944			
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	was a German agent	`` Brutus ''	in Britain				
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .	was a German agent	`` Tate ''	in Britain				
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	was named manager of	Yost	the Kansas City Royals	On May 13 , 2010			
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	was replacing	Yost	Trey Hillman	On May 13 , 2010			
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	are in	the Royals	Kansas City				
On May 13 , 2010 , Yost was named manager of the Kansas City Royals , replacing Trey Hillman .	was	Trey Hillman	a manager of the Kansas City Royals				
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	suspended for 30 days	XM	Opie & Anthony	On May 15 , 2007			
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	suspended in response to	XM	a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio	On May 15 , 2007			
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	had a broadcast featuring	Opie & Anthony	a homeless man who wandered into the studio				
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	wandered into	a homeless man	the studio				
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .	was homeless	a man					
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	ended early	Brown	his contract	On November 2 , 2005			
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	left	Brown	the federal government	On November 2 , 2005			
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .	had a contract with	Brown	the federal government				
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	is	One candidate	a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron				
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	is	also proposed	another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan				
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	is	another wreck	near Escanaba , Michigan				
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	is	a wreck	at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron				
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	is	Manitoulin Island	in Lake Huron				
One candidate is a wreck at the western end of Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron , with another wreck near Escanaba , Michigan , also proposed .	is	Escanaba	in Michigan				
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	is the fifth song from	`` Time ''	Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''				the fifth song
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	is the first song of	`` Breathe ''	the same album				the first song
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	is the first song of	`` Breathe ''	Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''				the fifth song
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	is the same album	Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''					
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	could be	One example	`` Time ''				the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	contains a reprise of	`` Time ''	`` Breathe ''				the first song of the same album
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	is	`` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''	Pink Floyd 's 1973 album				
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	has album	Pink Floyd	`` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''				the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	Pink Floyd 's album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''	is from 1973					
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .	released	Pink Floyd	album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon ''	1973			
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	is left	Ballard	after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers are killed				
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	is left	Williams	after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers are killed				
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	is killed	Sergeant Jericho	when they try to finish the fight				
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	are killed	the other officers	when they try to finish the fight				
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	is killed when they try to finish the fight	Sergeant Jericho					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	are killed when they try to finish the fight	the other officers					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	is an officer	Sergeant Jericho					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	are killed	the two train operators	when they try to finish the fight				
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	are killed when they try to finish the fight	the two train operators					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	are train operators	two					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	are officers	the others					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	is a Sergeant	Jericho					
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	tried to finish	Sergeant Jericho	the fight				
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .	tried to finish	the other officers	the fight				
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	called it	Cotton Mather	`` the sewer of New England ''				
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	sometimes referred to it as	Opponents of religious freedom	`` Rogue 's Island ''				
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	referred to it as	Opponents of religious freedom	`` Rogue 's Island ''	sometimes			
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	is in	the sewer	New England				
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	is	`` Rogue 's Island ''	`` the sewer of New England ''				
Opponents of religious freedom sometimes referred to it as `` Rogue 's Island '' , and Cotton Mather called it `` the sewer of New England . ''	is in	`` Rogue 's Island ''	New England				
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	retains the basic features of	Hank McCoy	a normal human			Originally	
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	has	Hank McCoy	a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape				
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	are alongside	the basic features of a normal human	a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape				
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	are	the basic features of a normal human	a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape				
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	has simian physiology	a Great Ape					
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	mild conjunctival redness				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	vitreous humour degeneration				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	an increase of anterior chamber depth				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	include	Other signs of lens subluxation	a decrease of anterior chamber depth				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	has	lens subluxation	Other signs				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	prolapses into	the vitreous	the anterior chamber				
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .	has depth	the anterior chamber					
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	is	Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd.	a mining company		incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan		
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	is incorporated in	Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd.	the Islamic Republic of Pakistan				
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	is	the Republic of Pakistan	Islamic		Republic of Pakistan		
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	is	Parental investment	any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring				
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	is to benefit	an expenditure of resources	one offspring				
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	generally performs	Piffaro	a concert series		in Philadelphia		
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	generally performs	Piffaro	four to five concerts		in Philadelphia		
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	in addition will be touring throughout	Piffaro	the United States				
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	in addition will be touring throughout	Piffaro	Canada				
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	in addition will be touring throughout	Piffaro	Europe				
Piffaro generally performs a concert series of four to five concerts a year in Philadelphia , in addition to touring throughout the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .	in addition will be touring	Piffaro	elsewhere				
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	have been planted marking	Plants	parts of the foundations of the castle				
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	can still be inferred of	the positions	some of the buildings				
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	signed to a contract extension through the 2013 season	the Royals	Yost	Prior to the 2012 season			
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .	was signed to a contract extension	Yost	through the 2013 season				
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''	could only call	the Player	one of four available `` hot routes ''	Prior to the Playmaker tool			
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''	is	Playmaker	a tool				
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''	are available	four `` hot routes ''					
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	are usually biopsied	Proliferative nodules					
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	are regularly found to be benign	Proliferative nodules					
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .	are not systematically found to be benign	Proliferative nodules					
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack-smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .	identified problems with	RedHat engineers	ProPolice				
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack-smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .	re-implemented	RedHat engineers	stack-smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1	in 2005			
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack-smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .	re-implemented	RedHat engineers	stack-smashing protection for inclusion	in GCC 4.1			
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	include	Reptiles identified during surveys	marbled geckos on both island groups				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are	marbled geckos	on both island groups				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	were identified	Reptiles	during surveys				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are limited to	four-toed earless skink	the main island in the Northern group				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are limited to	bull skinks	the main island in the Northern group				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are limited to	western brown snakes	the main island in the Northern group				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	include	Reptiles identified during surveys	four-toed earless skink				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	include	Reptiles identified during surveys	bull skinks				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	include	Reptiles identified during surveys	western brown snakes				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are	marbled geckos	Reptiles				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are	four-toed earless skink	Reptiles				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are	bull skinks	Reptiles				
Reptiles identified during surveys include marbled geckos on both island groups while the following are limited to the main island in the Northern group - four-toed earless skink , bull skinks and western brown snakes .	are	western brown snakes	Reptiles				
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	may be	Batesian and Mullerian Results	widespread		in the auditory world		
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	indicate	Batesian and Mullerian Results	acoustic mimicry complexes		in the auditory world		
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	may be	Batesian Results	widespread		in the auditory world		
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	may be	Mullerian Results	widespread		in the auditory world		
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	may be	acoustic mimicry complexes	widespread		in the auditory world		
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	indicate	Batesian Results	acoustic mimicry complexes		in the auditory world		
Results like these indicate acoustic mimicry complexes , both Batesian and Mullerian , may be widespread in the auditory world .	indicate	Mullerian Results	acoustic mimicry complexes		in the auditory world		
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	is Returning	Ballard	home				
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	refuse to believe	Ballard's superiors	Ballard's  report				
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .	delivers	Ballard	her report		at home		
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	is	Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE ,	a retired English international cricketer				
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	is now known for	Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE ,	his abilities as an artist				
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	is now known for	Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE ,	his abilities as a cricket wicketkeeping coach				
Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE , is a retired English international cricketer , now known for his abilities as an artist , as a cricket wicketkeeping coach , and a football goalkeeping coach .	is now known for	Robert Charles `` Jack '' Russell , MBE ,	his abilities as a football goalkeeping coach				
Rosen argues that one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause , which were undermined by the Supreme Court 's `` expansive interpretation of Congress 's power to regulate interstate commerce ... extended to include any activities that might affect commerce indirectly '' during the New Deal .	argues that	Rosen	one of the most important provisions of the Constitution in Exile is limitations on the interstate commerce clause				
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	has a	San Francisco	diversity of cultures				
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	has	San Francisco	eccentricities				
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	has greatly influenced	San Francisco	the country	over the years			
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	has greatly influenced	San Francisco	the world at large	over the years			
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .	are so great that	San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities	they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large	over the years			
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	returns to	Scarpetta	Virginia				
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	convinces herself that	Scarpetta	she was fired from her position				
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	returns in	Scarpetta	`` Trace ''				
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	returns at the request of	Scarpetta	her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus				
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	is the replacement of	Dr. Joel Marcus	Scarpetta				
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	is	Joel Marcus	Dr.				
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	are known	Several isomers of octene					
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	depend on	known isomers of octene	the position of the double bond in the carbon chain				
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	depend on	known isomers of octene	the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain				
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .	has Several known	octene	isomers				
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	died in	She	October 1915	in October 1915			
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	died of	She	a heart attack	in October 1915			
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	provided	She	an audio commentary for the episode				
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	provided an audio commentary for the episode alongside	She	David Tennant				
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	was provided for	an audio commentary	the episode				
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	was provided on	an audio commentary	the DVD release of the show 's third series				
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .	had a DVD release	the show 's third series					
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	published more than 15	She	research publications				
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	published research publications , including	She	International Journals				
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	published research publications , including	She	International Conferences				
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	published research publications , including	She	National Conferences				
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	published research publications , including	She	workshops				
She published more than 15 research publications , including International Journals , International Conferences , National Conferences , workshops and seminars .	published research publications , including	She	seminars				
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	returned to	She	that Thames River base	9-Feb-31			
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	served as	She	a training ship	for the remainder of the decade			
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	served primarily for	She	the Submarine School at		New London		
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	served occasionally for	She	NROTC units in		the southern New England area		
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	was at	the Submarine School	New London				
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .	were in	NROTC units	the southern New England area				
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was ordered to be rebuilt on	She	9 March 1724				
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was taken in hand at	She	Deptford Dockyard		by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .		
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was taken in hand by	She	Master Shipwright Richard Stacey				
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was	Richard Stacey	Master Shipwright				
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	was born on	Shea	September 5 , 1900				
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	was born in	Shea	San Francisco , California				
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	is in	San Francisco	California				
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	has won	Richmond	ten premierships	Since joining the competition in 1908			
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	joined the competition in	Richmond	1908				
Since joining the competition in 1908 , Richmond has won ten premierships , the most recent victory being in 1980 .	was in	the most recent victory of Richmond	1980				
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	were specified by which	extra payments	a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties	Sometimes			
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	could liberate himself from	a freed slave	these residual duties				
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	were residual	these duties					
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	were extra	specified payments					
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .	was freed	a slave					
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	Specifically affects	knowledge in the event	the level of personal importance for the individual				
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	Specifically affects	interest in the event	the level of personal importance for the individual				
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	also affects	knowledge in the event	the individual 's level of emotional arousal				
Specifically , knowledge and interest in the event affects the level of personal importance for the individual , which also affects the individual 's level of emotional arousal .	also affects	interest in the event	the individual 's level of emotional arousal				
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	are the main	Spennymoor Town F.C.	football team		local		
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	won	Spennymoor Town F.C.	the FA Carlsberg Vase	after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013			
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	won 2-1 in	Spennymoor Town F.C.	the final against Tunbridge Wells		at Wembley Stadium		
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .	was against	the final	Tunbridge Wells		at Wembley Stadium		
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	functioned as	Sukhum	the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR	from 1921			
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	was in	the capital of the `` Union treaty ''	Sukhum				
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .	became	Sukhum	the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic				within the Georgian SSR
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	flew through	Superboy-Prime	the Anti-Monitor 's chest				
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	hurled	Superboy-Prime	Anti-Monitor 's shattered body		into space		
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	had	the Anti-Monitor	a shattered body		into space		
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	was seeing an opportunity to defeat	Superboy-Prime	the now-weakened Anti-Monitor				
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	was weakened	the Anti-Monitor	now				
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	moves from	Swinburne	the philosophical				in his writing program
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	moves to	Swinburne	the theological				in his writing program
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .	is building rigorously	Swinburne	his case				
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .	is	Team Racing	a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team				
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	had	Venice	an outbreak of plague	That same year			
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	lasted	an outbreak of plague	two years		in Venice		
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	caused Franco to leave	an outbreak of plague	the city				
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	caused Franco to leave	an outbreak of plague	Venice				
That same year saw an outbreak of plague in Venice , one that lasted two years and caused Franco to leave the city and to lose many of her possessions .	caused Franco to lose	an outbreak of plague	many of her possessions				
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	was raised	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	at Winchester	in January 1858			
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	was of	the 13th Light Infantry	The 2nd Battalion				
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	are also known as	The Acrolepiidae family of moths	False Diamondback moths				
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	are	False Diamondback	moths				
The Acrolepiidae family of moths are also known as False Diamondback moths .	are a family of	The Acrolepiidae	moths				
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	are	The Alarm	an alternative rock/new wave band				
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	formed	The Alarm	in Rhyl , North Wales	in 1981			
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	is in	Rhyl	North Wales				
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .	formed	an alternative rock/new wave band	in Rhyl , North Wales	in 1981			
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	built	The Bourbons	additional reception rooms				
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	reconstructed	The Bourbons	the Sala d'Ercole				
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	was named for	the Sala d'Ercole	its frescos depicting the mythological hero , Hercules				
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	depicted	its frescos	the mythological hero , Hercules				
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .	was	Hercules	a mythological hero				
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	formed	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	in 1886				
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	is	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	a federal law enforcement organization				
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	is within	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	the United States Department of Justice				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was organized by	The CRZ	the Nepal members of the Naxalite movement				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was organized by	The CRZ	the Indian members of the Naxalite movement				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	has	the Naxalite movement	Nepal members				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	has	the Naxalite movement	Indian members				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was organized in	The CRZ	a meeting				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was at	a meeting	Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal	during August 2001			
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	is in	Siliguri	the Indian State of West Bengal				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	is	West Bengal	an Indian State				
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	is a State in	West Bengal	India				
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	was transferred to	The Charles City equipment	Mason City				
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	was to replace	The Charles City equipment	equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire				
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24 , 1967 shop fire .	burned in	equipment	the shop fire	24-Nov-67			
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	formed	The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts	a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen				
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	was with	The Hamburg Concathedral	chapterhouse				
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	was with	The Hamburg Concathedral	capitular residential courts				
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	was of	a `` Cathedral Immunity District ''	the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen				
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	was of	the Prince-Archbishopric	Bremen				
The Hamburg Concathedral with chapterhouse and capitular residential courts formed a `` Cathedral Immunity District '' of the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen too .	was in	The Concathedral	Hamburg				
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	is located in	The Main Street Tunnel	Welland , Ontario , Canada				
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	is in	Welland	Ontario , Canada				
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	is in	Ontario	Canada				
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	is	The Main Street Tunnel	an underwater tunnel				
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	is carrying	The Main Street Tunnel	Niagara Road 27		under the Welland Canal		
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	is carrying	The Main Street Tunnel	the unsigned designation of Highway 7146		under the Welland Canal		
The Main Street Tunnel , located in Welland , Ontario , Canada , is an underwater tunnel , carrying Niagara Road 27 and the unsigned designation of Highway 7146 under the Welland Canal .	has	Highway 7146	an unsigned designation				
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	is notable	The Nadvorna dynasty					
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	become	many of The Nadvorna dynasty's descendants	rebbes				
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	is a	Nadvorna	dynasty				
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .	has	Nadvorna dynasty	descendants				
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .	were widely distributed	The PAC bulletins	at these meetings				
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	passed through without any problems	Alexander	the defile				
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	was supposed to guard	The Persian contingent	the defile				
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	abandoned	The Persian contingent	the defile	soon			
The Persian contingent that was supposed to guard the defile soon abandoned it , and Alexander passed through without any problems .	is	The contingent	Persian				
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	was honored by	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	his alma mater , Baker University				
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	was honored with	The Rev. William Alfred Quayle	the degrees Litt.D				
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	is	William Alfred Quayle	The Rev.				
The Rev. William Alfred Quayle was honored by his alma mater , Baker University , with the degrees Litt.D .	is	William Alfred Quayle's alma mater	Baker University				
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	was formed	The River Stour Trust	in 1968				
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	has	The River Stour Trust	headquarters	in Sudbury			
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	has	The River Stour Trust	a purpose built Visitor Centre		located at Cornard Lock		
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .	is purpose built	The River Stour Trust Visitor Centre					
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	killed	The SAS	Provisional Irish Republican Army members		at these locations		
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	killed	The SAS	Irish National Liberation Army members		at these locations		
The SAS killed a total of 14 Provisional Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army members at these locations .	killed	The SAS	a total of 14		at these locations		
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	added	The Steinbrenner family	a monument to honor Steinbrenner		Monument Park		
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	was to honor	a monument added to Monument Park	Steinbrenner				
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	runs	The Summer Programs Office	these programs				
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	attend	many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students	camp	over the summer			
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	attend	many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students	classes	over the summer			
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .	was established	The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game	in 2006				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 of their airtime to	The Venezuelan government	programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	is in	The government	Venezuela				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are required to dedicate airtime to	all private television stations	programs created by community groups				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are required to dedicate airtime to	all private television stations	programs created by non-profits				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are required to dedicate airtime	all private television stations	programs created by other independent producers				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are created by	programs	community groups				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are created by	programs	non-profits				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are created by	programs	other independent producers				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are	community groups	independent producers				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are	non-profits	independent producers				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	are	television stations	private				
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .	have	private television stations	airtime				
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	ended	The Wilbur Cross Highway	in Sturbridge				
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	sometimes call Haynes Street	locals	`` Old Route 15 ''				
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	sometimes call portions of Mashapaug Road	locals	`` Old Route 15 ''				
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	was founded	The `` Charleston Courier ''	in 1803				
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	was founded	The `` Charleston Daily News ''	in 1865				
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	merged to form	The `` Charleston Courier '' and `` Charleston Daily News ''	the `` News and Courier ''	in 1873			
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	was produced by	The album	Roy Thomas Baker				
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	was promoted with	The album	tours		in America		
The album , produced by Roy Thomas Baker , was promoted with American and European tours .	was promoted with	The album	tours		in Europe		
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .	also confirmed that	The band	the album would be self-released				
The band also confirmed that the album would be self-released .	would be	the album	self-released				
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	was dammed off from	The canal	the river	for most of the construction period			
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	was	The car used in `` Stealth ''	a band member 's car				
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	was recorded	The car used in `` Stealth ''	just outside the studio in the parking lot				
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	was used in	The car	`` Stealth ''				
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .	had	a band member	a car				
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	was founded by	The city	the Western Town Lot Company	in 1880			
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	was originally named	The city founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880	Nordland				
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	were given	the platted streets of The city originally named Nordland	Norwegian names				
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	were	the names of the platted streets	Norwegian				
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	had	Republicans	12 seats	in 2003			
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	had	Republicans	12 seats		in the State House		
The closest Watson ever got was when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House in 2003 .	was	when Republicans had 12 seats in the State House	The closest Watson ever got	in 2003			
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	is served by	The community	the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office				
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	has	the United States Postal Service	Post Office		in Hinsdale		
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	The dialects they speak	are	similar but have different intonations				
The dialects they speak are similar but have different intonations .	The dialects they speak	are similar but have	different intonations				
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .	was originally erected as	The diocese	the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang	on 17 March 1927			
The diocese was originally erected as the Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang on 17 March 1927 , and renamed as the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang on 17 March 1929 .	was renamed as	The Prefecture Apostolic of Hpyeng-yang	the Prefecture Apostolic of Peng-yang	on 17 March 1929			
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	is based on	The economy of Ostrov	food industries				
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	is based on	The economy of Ostrov	electronic industries				
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .	is based on	The economy of Ostrov	textile industries				
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	had	The engine	twin turbochargers			at 5700 rpm	
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	produced	The engine	an advertised 5700 rpm of torque			on 8 lbs of boost	
The engine had twin turbochargers , and produced an advertised at 5700 rpm and of torque on 8 lbs of boost .	produced an advertised 5700 rpm of torque on	The engine	8 lbs of boost				
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Deutsche Grammophon			with	
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Dorian Recordings			with	
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Newport Classic			with	
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Navona Records			with	
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	their own label			with	
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	had first been planned in	The establishment of a museum	1821	in 1821			
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	had first been planned by	The establishment of a museum	the Philosophical Society of Australasia	in 1821			
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	folded	the Philosophical Society of Australasia	in 1822	in 1821			
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	is in	the Philosophical Society	Australasia	in 1821			
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	were collected	specimens	in 1821	in 1821			
The establishment of a museum had first been planned in 1821 by the Philosophical Society of Australasia , and although specimens were collected , the Society folded in 1822 .	although specimens were collected	the Philosophical Society of Australasia folded in 1822	in 1821	in 1821			
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .	can be found	The extension of the University Library	on the second floor				
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .	can be found	parking for 120 cars	on the third to sixth floors				
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	is usually readable directly	The external gauge					
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	also incorporate an electronic sender to operate	most external gauges	a fuel gauge on the dashboard				
The external gauge is usually readable directly , and most also incorporate an electronic sender to operate a fuel gauge on the dashboard .	is on	a fuel gauge	the dashboard				
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	would have important consequences in	The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity	later action against German forces in Tunisia		in Tunisia		
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	failed to arrive intact	1st Armored	in Tunisia		in Tunisia		
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	failed to deploy as a single entity	1st Armored	in Tunisia		in Tunisia		
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	was against	action	German forces in Tunisia		in Tunisia		
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	were in	German forces	Tunisia		in Tunisia		
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .	is at	The field	the Lake Elsinore Diamond		at the Lake Elsinore Diamond		
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .	is named	The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond	the Pete Lehr Field		at the Lake Elsinore Diamond		
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	lived	Sweden 's Royal Couple	there	during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics			
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	comes from when	The first	Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there	during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics			
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	was in	the Barcelona Summer Olympics	1992	during the 1993 Barcelona Summer Olympics			
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	was in	the 1992 Summer Olympics	Barcelona	during the 1994 Barcelona Summer Olympics			
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	are of	the Royal Couple	Sweden	during the 1995 Barcelona Summer Olympics			
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .	has	Sweden	a Royal Couple	during the 1996 Barcelona Summer Olympics			
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	would be added to	The first five laps	the second part of the race				
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	would be decided	the overall result	on aggregate				
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	opened	The first library	in Huntington Beach	in 1909			
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	has evolved to	The first library	a five location library system		in Huntington Beach		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	has a location	the library system	on Central		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	has a location	the library system	on Main Street		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	has a location	the library system	on Helen Murphy		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	has a location	the library system	on Banning		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	is in	Central	Huntington Beach		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	is in	Main Street	Huntington Beach		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	is in	Oak View	Huntington Beach		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	is in	Helen Murphy	Huntington Beach		five location library system		
The first library in Huntington Beach opened in 1909 and has since evolved to a five location library system : Central , Main Street , Oak View , Helen Murphy , and Banning .	is in	Banning	Huntington Beach		five location library system		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Tokyo		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Osaka		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Fukuoka		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Tokyo	Southeast Asia		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Osaka	Southeast Asia		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Fukuoka	Southeast Asia		in East Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Jakarta		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Manila		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Singapore		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Guam		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Guam	Southeast Asia		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Singapore	Southeast Asia		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Jakarta	Southeast Asia		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	is in	Manila	Southeast Asia		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Jakarta		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Manila		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Singapore		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Guam		in Southeast Asia		
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	was	The tour	following		in Southeast Asia		
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .	had pledged himself to honour in a special manner	The founder	the Blessed Virgin				
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	was successful	The fundraiser	of 2014 .	of 2014 .			
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .	occurred	the trip	from June through September of 2014	of 2014 .			
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .	had	The fuselage	an oval cross-section				
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .	housed	The fuselage	a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine				
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement	The gauge sender	with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet				
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	rotating	a float arm inside the tank	a magnet				
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .	rotates	a magnet	an external gauge				
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	sponsored	The insurer	the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning	in 1981			
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	is known as	the golf tournament beginning in 1981	the New Orleans Open	in 1981			
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	is	the New Orleans Open	a golf tournament	in 1981			
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	is open	The lodge	from mid-May to mid-October	in the end of August			
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	are reserved	two weeks starting in the end of August	for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips	in the end of August			
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	was directed by	The opening credits sequence for the collection	Hanada Daizaburo		from the following Schools		
The opening credits sequence for the collection was directed by Hanada Daizaburo .	has	the collection	opening credits sequence		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	has	Harvard	Business School		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	has	Harvard	Law School		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	has	Harvard	Medical School		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	the Faculty of Arts and Sciences		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	Harvard Business School		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	Harvard Law School		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	Harvard Medical School		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from the Faculty of Arts and Sciences	permanent members		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from Harvard Business School	permanent members		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from Harvard Law School	permanent members		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from Harvard Medical School	permanent members		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	is a	the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor	permanent member		from the following Schools		
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	is a	the provost	permanent member		from the following Schools		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	is at	the Meenakshi Temple	Madurai in Tamil Nadu		in Tamil Nadu		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	is in	Madurai	Tamil Nadu		in Tamil Nadu		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are in	The pillars	a line		in Tamil Nadu		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are in a line on	The pillars	its both sides		in Tamil Nadu		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are according to	The pillars	Doric or Greek style		in Tamil Nadu		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	have	The pillars	decorations		in Tamil Nadu		
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are according to	The pillars' decorations	the Meenakshi Temple		in Tamil Nadu		
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	is usually held in	The race	late February / early March	in late February / early March			
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	is in	The race	mixed eights	in late February / early March			
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	are at	The rapids	the head of the South Fork	in 1908			
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	were removed in	The rapids	1908	in 1908			
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	came in	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	Mineral Gray Metallic				
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	came in	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	Inferno Red				
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	came in	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat				
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	was redesigned	The 2006 Ram SRT-10					
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	was redesigned	The Ram SRT-10	in 2006				
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	was	The redesigned 2006 Ram	an SRT-10				
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	can be reprocessed for	The residue	more dripping				
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	can be strained through	The residue	a cheesecloth lined sieve				
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as	The residue	an ingredient for a fine beef stock				
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	reach	The rest of the group	a small shop		where		
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	attempts to phone	Brady	the Sheriff		at a small shop		
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	breaks through	the crocodile	a wall		where		
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	devours	the crocodile	Annabelle		where		
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	was small	a shop					
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	are against	The restrictions	eating meat				
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	are against	The restrictions	drinking wine				
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	are reducing	The restrictions	a person 's pleasure				
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	recall the cessation of	The restrictions	the `` Korban Tamid ''		on the Temple Altar		
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	recall the cessation of	The restrictions	the `` Nesach Hayayin ''		on the Temple Altar		
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	had cessation with	the `` Korban Tamid '' on the Temple Altar	the destruction of the Temple				
The restrictions against eating meat and drinking wine , besides reducing a person 's pleasure , recall the cessation of the `` Korban Tamid '' and the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar with the destruction of the Temple .	had cessation with	the `` Nesach Hayayin '' on the Temple Altar	the destruction of the Temple				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	climbed	The riders	off				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	began walking	The riders					
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	were shouting in general	The riders	protests				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	were shouting in particular	The riders	abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	was	Pierre Dumas	the race doctor				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine to make his own job easier	some of The riders	race doctor Pierre Dumas				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been taking aspirin to make his own job easier	some of The riders	race doctor Pierre Dumas				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	will be to see if	a test	race doctor Pierre Dumas had been drinking wine to make his own job easier				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	will be to see if	a test	race doctor Pierre Dumas had been taking aspirin to make his own job easier				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	would make	drinking wine	race doctor Pierre Dumas' job easier				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	would make	taking aspirin	race doctor Pierre Dumas' job easier				
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	was doctor	Pierre Dumas	at the race				
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	was named after	The second	former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard	in November 1995			
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	stayed	former US President George H. W. Bush	aboard	in November 1995			
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	is	George H. W. Bush	former US President	in November 1996			
The second was named after former US President George H. W. Bush stayed aboard in November 1995 .	is	George H. W. Bush	former President		in US		
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	was titled	The second	`` Consider Her Ways ''				
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	also starred	The second	Barrie				
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	starred as	Barrie	the lead named Jane Waterleigh				
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .	was named	the lead	Jane Waterleigh				
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .	was	The series of three constitutional amendments	in 1933	in 1933			
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .	severely curtailed	The series of three constitutional amendments	the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State	in 1933			
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .	was of	the Governor-General	the Irish Free State	in 1933			
The series of three constitutional amendments in 1933 severely curtailed the role of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State .	was of	The series	three constitutional amendments	in 1933			
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	consists of	The site	three subterranean Grotto follies	in the 18th century			
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	were constructed	three subterranean Grotto follies	in the 18th century	in the 19th century			
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	are split between	three subterranean Grotto follies	two areas	in the 20th century			
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	is on	one of the two areas	the western side of the lake	in the 21th century			
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	is on	one of the two areas	the eastern side of the lake	in the 22th century			
The site consists of three subterranean Grotto follies , constructed in the 18th century , split between two areas , one on the western side of the lake , at and one on the eastern side at .	are subterranean	three Grotto follies	in the 23th century	in the 23th century			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	provides	The staff	a family-style dinner	every night			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	provides	The staff	a home-cooked dinner	every night			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	is attended by	a family-style , home-cooked dinner	Dartmouth students	every night			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	is attended by	a family-style , home-cooked dinner	community members	every night			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	is attended by	a family-style , home-cooked dinner	Appalachian Trail thru-hikers	every night			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	is attended by	a family-style , home-cooked dinner	tourists	every night			
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .	is attended by	a family-style , home-cooked dinner	Dartmouth professors	every night			
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	has	The station	a concourse	in mid-2012			
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	has	The station	a ticket office area	in mid-2013			
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	was internally redesigned	The concourse	at The station	in mid-2014			
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	was internally redesigned	The ticket office area	at The station	in mid-2015			
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	reopened	The concourse	at The station	in mid-2012			
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	reopened	The ticket office area	at The station	in mid-2012			
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	were both called	The stations	`` Midsomer Norton and Welton ''	after a short period			
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	was renamed under British Railways as	the S&D station	Midsomer Norton South	after a short period			
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	was renamed under British Railways as	the S&D station	Midsomer Norton Upper	after a short period			
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	is being restored	the S&D station	currently	after a short period			
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	has	the S&D station	open weekends with engines in steam		occasional		
The stations were both called `` Midsomer Norton and Welton '' ; under British Railways , the S&D station was renamed as Midsomer Norton South after a short period as Midsomer Norton Upper ; and is currently being restored with occasional open weekends with engines in steam .	have	open weekends	engines in steam		at S&D station		
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	should be chilled	The stock pot					
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	settles	the solid lump of dripping	when chilled				
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	should be scraped clean	the solid lump of dripping					
The stock pot should be chilled and the solid lump of dripping which settles when chilled should be scraped clean and re-chilled for future use .	should be re-chilled for use	the solid lump of dripping	in the future				
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	alleged that	The suit	they conspired to fix prices for e-books				
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	alleged that	The suit	they conspired to weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market				
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	alleged that	The suit	they were in violation of antitrust law				
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	was in violation of	conspiring to fix prices for e-books	antitrust law				
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	was in violation of	conspiring to weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market	antitrust law				
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .	has a position	Amazon.com	in the market				
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	is	The third known version	part number 2189014-00-212	in February 1993			
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	was being produced	at least one model	in February 1993	in February 1993			
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	was being produced	part number 2189014-00-212	in February 1993	in February 1993			
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	is known	a third version	in February 1993	in February 1993			
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	was served by	The town	a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway	previously			
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	is	a station	on the Somerset and Dorset Railway	in 1966			
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	closed	a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway	in 1966	in 1966			
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	was served by	The town	a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley	previously			
The town was previously served by a station on the Somerset and Dorset Railway but this closed in 1966 , and by a second station on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley .	is	a second station	on the Bristol and North Somerset Railway at Welton in the valley	in 1966			
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	signify that there was	The very large piers at the crossing	a tower				
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	was	a tower	at the crossing				
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	are	The very large piers	at the crossing				
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .	are very large	The piers					
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .	was the first to feature	The video	the use of dialogue				
The video was the first ever to feature the use of dialogue .	featured	The video	the use of dialogue				
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	was for	Their mission	a specific mandate				
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	lasted for	Their mission	a limited period				
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	was specific	a mandate	for a limited period	for a limited period			
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .	was limited	a period	for a limited period	for a limited period			
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	continued to increase	Their numbers	each year	for a limited period			
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	increase as	Their numbers	rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media	each year			
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	are about	rumours	immigration restrictions				
Their numbers continued to increase each year as rumours about immigration restrictions appeared in much of the Cypriot media .	appeared in	rumours about immigration restrictions	much of the media		in Cyprus		
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	are put in	the fillets	a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery				
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	is of	a mix	olive oil				
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	is of	a mix	vinegar				
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	is of	a mix	sugar				
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	is of	a mix	garlic				
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	is of	a mix	chill peppers				
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	is of	a mix	lots of parsley or celery				
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	have been at	two crashes involving fatalities	the airfield	since the airfield was established			
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .	have involved	two crashes	fatalities		at the airfield		
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	closed	a Youth Hostel	in October 2008	in October 2008			
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	has reopened as	the Youth Hostel building	Keld Lodge	since October 2008			
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	is	Keld Lodge	a hotel with bar and restaurant				
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	used to be There	a Youth Hostel					
There used to be a Youth Hostel but it closed in October 2008 and the building has since reopened as Keld Lodge , a hotel with bar and restaurant .	has	Keld Lodge	bar and restaurant				
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	had	30.1 % out of 143 households	children under the age of 18 living with them				
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	were	49.7 % out of 143 households	married couples living together				
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	had	11.9 % out of 143 households	a female householder with no husband present				
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	were	36.4 % out of 143 households	non-families				
There were 143 households out of which 30.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 36.4 % were non-families .	were There	143 households					
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	had	35.00 % out of 47,604 households	children under the age of 18 living with them				
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	were	56.30 % out of 47,604 households	married couples living together				
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	had	7.50 % out of 47,604 households	a female householder with no husband present				
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	were	32.50 % out of 47,604 households	non-families				
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	were There	47,604 households					
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were	There	6,524 households				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were out of	35.30%	6,524 households				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	had living with them	35.3 out of 6,524 households	children under the age of 18				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were out of	31.70%	6,524 households				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were	31.7 % out of 6,524 households	married couples living together				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were out of	31.50%	6,524 households				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	had	31.5 out of 6,524 households	a female householder with no husband present				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were out of	30.60%	6,524 households				
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .	were	30.6 out of 6,524 households	non-families				
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	supplied	These attempts	a bridge between the literature of the two languages				
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	supplied	other attempts	a bridge between the literature of the two languages				
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	was between	a bridge	the literature of the two languages				
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .	had	the two languages	literature				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	are visually very similar to	These	part number 2189014-00-211				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	have	These	the same AT style plug				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	have	These	the same AT style chassis				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	have	These	the same silver label bearing the AnyKey moniker		on the reverse		
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	is	the silver label  bearing the AnyKey moniker	on the reverse		on the reverse		
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	is bearing	the silver label on the reverse	the AnyKey moniker				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	have	These	the same screws holding the keyboard together				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	are holding together	screws	the keyboard				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	have	These	the same macro programming requiring the control key				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	is requiring	macro programming	the control key				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	are lacking	These	the AnyKey inscription		on their face		
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	has	part number 2189014-00-211	an AT style plug				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	has	part number 2189014-00-211	an AT style chassis				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	has	part number 2189014-00-211	a silver label bearing the AnyKey moniker		on the reverse		
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	has	part number 2189014-00-211	screws holding the keyboard together				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	has	part number 2189014-00-211	macro programming requiring the control key				
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .	is lacking	part number 2189014-00-211	the AnyKey inscription		on their face		
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect '' .	stem from	These beams	a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect ''				
These beams stem from a cosmic energy source called the `` Omega Effect '' .	is called	a cosmic energy source	the `` Omega Effect ''				
These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .	are thrown away if	These objects	their screen projection is too small				
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	allow	These orientations	easy movement				
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	is	easy movement	degrees of freedom				
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	allow	These orientations	degrees of freedom				
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	lowers minimally	easy movement	entropy				
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	thus lower minimally	These orientations	entropy				
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .	are	These	orientations				
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were often related to	These	European conflict				
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were aided by	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies				
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were encouraged by	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies				
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were aided for	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies' own ends				
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were encouraged for	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies' own ends				
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	has	Britain	continental enemies				
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat 1-0	They	Milligan				
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat 3-0	They	Grand View				
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat 0-0	They	Azusa Pacific				
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat to win	They	the NAIA National Championships				
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	have included	They	some of the most dangerous assassins in the world				
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	are in	some of the most dangerous assassins	the world				
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	are including	some of the most dangerous assassins	Lady Shiva				
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	are including	some of the most dangerous assassins	David Cain				
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	are including	some of the most dangerous assassins	Merlyn				
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .	are dangerous	assassins					
They usually go through a period of dormancy after flowering .	usually go through	They	a period of dormancy	after flowering			
Third TV drama series was broadcast in 2008 - , featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu .	was broadcast	Third  TV drama series	featuring Mao Inoue as Anmitsu	in 2008			
This attire has also become popular with women of other communities .	has also become popular	This attire	with women of other communities				
This can be further generalized by defining a Q-valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .	by defining a Q-valued Euler characteristic	This can be further  generalized	for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs,  orbifolds and posets mentioned above				
This change was soon picked up by Huguenot writers , who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely .	by Huguenot writers who began to expand on Calvin and promote the idea of the sovereignty of the people , ideas to which	This change was soon picked up	Catholic writers and preachers responded fiercely				
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	was equipped with	This engine	an electronically controlled carburetor				
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	was the main language of	the Welsh language	the nonconformist churches		in Wales		
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	had considerable implications for	This	the Welsh language				
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .	is most common in	This	those with Barrett 's esophagus		in Western countries		
This is most common in Western countries in those with Barrett 's esophagus , and occurs in the cuboidal cells .	occurs	This	in those with Barrett 's esophagus		in the cuboidal cells		
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	was extended	This line	east	on 13 November 1913			
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	was extended	This line	by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust	on 13 November 1913			
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	was extended	This line	from Hawthorn Road	on 13 November 1913			
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	was extended	This line	to Darling Road , Malvern East	on 13 November 1913			
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .	is in	Darling Road	Malvern East				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman strength				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman speed				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman reflexes				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman agility				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman flexibility				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman dexterity				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman coordination				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman balance				
This mutation gives him superhuman strength , speed , reflexes , agility , flexibility , dexterity , coordination , balance , and endurance .	gives him	This mutation	superhuman endurance				
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	was however opposed by	This policy	the miners				
This policy was , however , opposed by the miners who demanded that the inspections be carried out by experienced colliers .	demanded that the inspections be carried out by	the miners	experienced colliers				
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	organized	Pascalina	the `` Magazzino ''				
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	led	Pascalina	the `` Magazzino ''				
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	is a private papal charity office	the `` Magazzino ''					
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	continued	the `` Magazzino ''	until 1959	until 1959			
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	employed up to 40 helpers	the `` Magazzino ''					
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	assisted	the `` Magazzino ''	the pope				
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	had many calls for his help	the pope					
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	had many calls for his charity	the pope					
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	employed up to 40 helpers	a private papal charity office					
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	continued	a private papal charity office	until 1959	until 1959			
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	organized the `` Magazzino '' To assist	Pascalina	the pope				
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .	led the `` Magazzino '' To assist	Pascalina	the pope				
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	asks to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael To keep the family together	Michael	his self-centered twin sister Lindsay				
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	asks to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael To keep the family together	Michael	his self-centered twin sister Lindsay's husband Tobias				
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	is Lindsay	Michael's self-centered twin sister					
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	is Tobias	Lindsay's husband					
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	is daughter of Lindsay	Maeby					
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	is daughter of Tobias	Maeby					
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	asks to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael To keep the family together	Michael	their daughter Maeby				
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	is self-centered	Lindsay					
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	lives	Michael	in the Bluth model home		in the Bluth model home		
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	lives	George Michael	in the Bluth model home		in the Bluth model home		
To keep the family together , Michael asks his self-centered twin sister Lindsay , her husband Tobias and their daughter Maeby to live together in the Bluth model home with him and George Michael .	lives with	Michael	George Michael		in the Bluth model home		
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	framed Judaism in light of Greek thought	the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy					
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	framed Judaism in light of human intellect	the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy					
To the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy , that framed Judaism in light of Greek thought and human intellect , God the Infinite has no needs .	has no needs To	God the Infinite	the Medieval school of Jewish Philosophy				
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .	live	speakers of Lakha	To the north		To the north		
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .	live	speakers of Lakha	along the same border		along the same border		
To the north , along and across the same border , live speakers of Lakha .	live	speakers of Lakha	across the same border		across the same border		
Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .	is constructed at	Total ` Fresh Food Story '	the end of the North Mall		at the end of the North Mall		
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	Transferred to	`` R-11 ''	Key West , Florida	on 1 June 1941			
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	continued	`` R-11 ''	her training ship duties	throughout the remainder of her career			
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	had	`` R-11 ''	training ship duties				
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	is in	Key West	Florida				
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	had a	`` R-11 ''	career				
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .	was	`` R-11 ''	her				
Trumbull was often incorrectly credited in print as being the sole special-effects creator for 2001 .	was often incorrectly credited as being	Trumbull	the sole special-effects creator for 2001				
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	was	Ladd	Twice divorced				
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	is	Ladd	married	currently			
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	is the mother of	Ladd	actress Laura Dern				
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	is the mother by	Ladd	her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern				
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	is	Laura Dern	an actress				
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	is	actor Bruce Dern	Ladd's ex-husband				
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .	is	Bruce Dern	an actor				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	was of	the re-election	A.A. MacLeod				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	was of	the re-election	J.B. Salsberg				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	won on its own	the Labor-Progressive Party	Two seats				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	won	A.A. MacLeod	a seat				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	won	J.B. Salsberg	a seat				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	is in	A.A. MacLeod	Labor-Progressive Party				
Two seats were won by the Labor-Progressive Party on its own with the re-election of A.A. MacLeod and J.B. Salsberg .	is in	J.B. Salsberg	Labor-Progressive Party				
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	also has	Tyabb	Tyabb Airport				
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	is	Tyabb Airport	a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years				
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	has been operating for	Tyabb Airport	more than thirty years				
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .	is in	Tyabb Airport	Tyabb				
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .	US 258	intersects	NC 222		in Fountain		
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .	US 258	intersects	NC 222	before entering Edgecombe County			
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	built	each company	different parts of the aircraft				
Under the Comanche program , each company built different parts of the aircraft .	Under	each company built different parts of the aircraft	the Comanche program			Under the Comanche program	
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	is not	he	a figure of authority				
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	is rather	he	a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace				
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	is rather	he	possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance				
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	is possessed of	he	neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance				
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	is Unlike	he	Uncle Sam				
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	is	Uncle Sam	a figure of authority	later			
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	prefers	he	his small beer				
Unlike Uncle Sam later , he is not a figure of authority but rather a yeoman who prefers his small beer and domestic peace , possessed of neither patriarchal power nor heroic defiance .	prefers	he	his domestic peace				
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .	are often put off	Unruly passengers	here		here		
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .	are often put off to be	Unruly passengers	taken into custody				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	is practiced by	Wakeboarding	men				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	is practiced by	Wakeboarding	women				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	is practiced at	Wakeboarding	the competitive level				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	compete in	men	separate categories				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	compete in	women	separate categories				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	compete in	they	separate categories				
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .	but	Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level	they compete in separate categories				
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	has served as	Watson	Minority Leader	since elected by his caucus in November 1998			
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	was elected by	Watson	his caucus	in November 1998			
Watson has served as Minority Leader since elected by his caucus in November 1998 .	was elected as	Watson	Minority Leader	in November 1998			
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was the founder of	Watson	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009				
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was the editor of	Watson	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009				
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was launched	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism	in January , 2007	in January , 2007			
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was shuttered	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism	in June , 2009	in June , 2009			
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was an online journal of media criticism	`` newcritics.com ''					
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was an online journal of arts criticism	`` newcritics.com ''					
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	began showing	Naguib	signs of independence from Nasser				
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	began showing signs of independence by	Naguib	distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees				
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	began showing signs of independence by	Naguib	drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood				
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	resolved to	Nasser	depose him	When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces			
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	are established political forces	the Wafd and the Brotherhood	Egypt				
When Naguib began showing signs of independence from Nasser by distancing himself from the RCC 's land reform decrees and drawing closer to Egypt 's established political forces , namely the Wafd and the Brotherhood , Nasser resolved to depose him .	has land reform decrees	RCC					
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	was introduced by	civilian government	the Americans		in Romblon		
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	was introduced by	civilian government	the Americans	in 16 March 1901			
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	was one of	Banton	11 new municipalities reinstated or created		in Romblon		
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	was one of	Banton	11 new municipalities reinstated or created	When civilian government was introduced  by the Americans in 16 March 1901			
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	were reinstated	new municipalities	Romblon	When civilian government was introduced by the Americans in 16 March 1901			
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	were created	new municipalities	Romblon	When civilian government was introduced by the Americans in 16 March 1901			
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	was convinced that	Stauffenberg	no one in the room could have survived	When the explosion tore through the hut			
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	tore through	the explosion	the hut				
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .	could have survived	no one in the room	When the explosion tore through the hut	When the explosion tore through the hut			
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	painted	Scieszka	apartments	While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York			
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	was pursuing	Scieszka	his MFA		at Columbia in New York		
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .	is	Columbia	in New York		in New York		
Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .	is unknown	Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing					
Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .	is missing	the `` Epilogue ''					
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	may require more	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	government incentives				
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	may require more	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	building code regulations				
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	may require	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	the development of recognized standards				
Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology may require more government incentives or building code regulations , the development of recognized standards , or significant increases in the cost of conventional energy .	may require	Wide acceptance of zero-energy building technology	significant increases in the cost of conventional energy				
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	expressed concern for	the Cosmos	what Battra might do				
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	had no assigned task	Battra					
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	was assigned	no task					
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	was expressed	concern					
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	has captivated	she	Yaromir				
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	is the goddess of	Morena	the underworld				
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	has had the help of	she	Morena				
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .	has a goddess	the underworld					
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	was officially transformed from	Russia	an absolute monarchy With this act				
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	was officially transformed into	Russia	a constitutional monarchy With this act				
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	quickly became	the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional	the subject of debate				
With this act , Russia was officially transformed from an absolute monarchy into a constitutional one , though the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional quickly became the subject of debate , based upon the emperor 's subsequent actions .	based upon	the exact extent of just `` how '' constitutional became the subject of debate	the emperor 's subsequent actions				
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	has combat clubs	Big Gun Model Warship					
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	have rules	Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs					
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	make provisions for	Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs' rules	cannon caliber to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel				
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	make provisions for	Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs rules	armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel				
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	has versions in	Big Gun Model Warship	1/48 scale				
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	has versions in	Big Gun Model Warship	1/72 scale				
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	has versions in	Big Gun Model Warship	1/96 scale				
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .	has versions in	Big Gun Model Warship	1/144 scale				
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	was the subject of	Wright	`` This Is Your Life ''				
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	was the subject on	Wright	two occasions				
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	was the subject in	Wright	May-61	in May 1961			
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	was the subject in	Wright	Jan-90	in January 1990			
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	was surprised by	Wright	Eamonn Andrews	in May 1961			
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	surprised	Michael Aspel	Wright		at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios		
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	surprised	Michael Aspel	Wright	in January 1990			
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .	has	Thames Television	Teddington Studios				
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	became	`` Black Water ''	one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself				
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	was released as	`` Black Water ''	a B-side to another Hot 100 hit	before topping the Hot 100			
`` Black Water '' became one of the few records by any act released as a B-side to another Hot 100 hit `` before '' topping the Hot 100 itself .	topped	`` Black Water ''	the Hot 100 itself				
`` For a list of all medalists , please see the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists ''	see	the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists For a list of all medalists					
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	was launched by	Greenfish	the Electric Boat Co.	21-Dec-45			
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	was sponsored by	Greenfish	Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle	22-Dec-45			
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	was commissioned by	Greenfish	the Electric Boat Co.	7-Jun-46			
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .	was commanding	Comdr. R. M. Metcalf	Greenfish	8-Jun-46			
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	started from	It	modest beginnings				
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .	became	It	a gigantic charity				
`` Le Griffon '' is reported to be the `` Holy Grail '' of Great Lakes shipwreck hunters .	is reported to be	Le Griffon	the Holy Grail of Great Lakes shipwreck hunters				
`` See also : Grand Duke of Luxembourg , List of Prime Ministers of Luxembourg ''	has	Luxembourg	a Grand Duke				
`` See also : Grand Duke of Luxembourg , List of Prime Ministers of Luxembourg ''	has	Luxembourg	Prime Ministers				
`` The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .	topped	The Cure	the online music sales charts				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	was	he	one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported	he	themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	was only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving	he	recitals , without any supplement from teaching or church position				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving	he	concerts , without any supplement from teaching or church position				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving	he	master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	supported himself without any supplement from	he	teaching				
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .	supported himself without any supplement from	he	church position				
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	due , with	$ 300 million of bonds	equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd equity - purchase warrants	on Nov. 16 , 1993			
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	indicate	$ 300 million of bonds	a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par  via Nomura International Ltd	Nov. 16 , 1993			
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	is via	3 3\/4 % coupon at par	Nomura International Ltd				
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .	is with	$ 300 million of bonds	equity - purchase warrants				
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	Separately passed	( the Senate	a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad ,	last week . )			
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	permitting execution of	a bill	terrorists who kill Americans abroad				
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )	kill	terrorists	Americans abroad				
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	is	Mr. Panelli	A San Francisco lawyer				
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	rowed religiously when he first got	A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli	the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring				
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	complains	A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli	the machine left grease marks on his carpet				
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	complains	A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli	the machine was boring				
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	rowed religiously when he first got	A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli	the machine				
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring .	left grease marks on	the machine	his carpet				
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	in Tokyo for an exhibit , stopped by to see	A half - dozen Soviet space officials	their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan		in Tokyo		
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	in Tokyo for an exhibit , stopped by to see	A half - dozen Soviet space officials	their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan	in July			
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	were at	A half - dozen Soviet space officials	an exhibit		in Tokyo		
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	were at	A half - dozen Soviet space officials	an exhibit	in July			
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .	are at	their counterparts	the National Space Development Agency of Japan		in Tokyo		
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	first filed to sell	Beatrice	debt	A month ago			
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	had planned to offer	the company	$ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 %				
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	has	the company	senior subordinated reset notes				
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .	will be at	yield of senior subordinated reset notes	12 3\/4 %				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	other crops				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	cotton				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	soybeans				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	rice				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	are such as	other crops	cotton				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	are such as	other crops	soybeans				
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	are such as	other crops	rice				
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	is	A specialist	an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock				
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	is designated to maintain	an exchange member	a fair and orderly market in a specified stock				
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	is designated to maintain	an exchange member	a fair market in a specified stock				
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .	is designated to maintain	an exchange member	an orderly market in a specified stock				
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	postponed a decision on	A state judge	a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own				
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	has holders	Telerate Inc.					
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	has tender offer for	Dow Jones & Co.	the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own				
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	does n't already own	Dow Jones & Co.	33 % of Telerate				
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .	was postponed	a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own					
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .	earned	UniFirst	$ 2.4 million	A year earlier			
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .	earned	UniFirst	24 cents a share adjusted for the split	A year earlier			
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	acts as	the short - term money market	a hedge against inflation for consumers				
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	acts as	the short - term money market	an accelerator of inflation for the government				
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	acts as	the short - term money market	an accelerator of deficits for the government				
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .	is estimated to be tied up in	About $ 70 billion	the short - term money market				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	According to	the buy - out group has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks	one person familiar with the airline				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	is led by	the buy - out group	United 's pilots union				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	is led by	the buy - out group	UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	is Chairman	Stephen Wolf	UAL				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	has begun billing	the buy - out group	UAL				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	has begun billing for	the buy - out group	fees it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	has begun billing for	the buy - out group	expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	owes expenses to	the buy - out group	investment bankers				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	owes expenses to	the buy - out group	law firms				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	owes expenses to	the buy - out group	banks				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	owes fees to	the buy - out group	investment bankers				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	owes fees to	the buy - out group	law firms				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	owes fees to	the buy - out group	banks				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	is familiar with	one person	the airline				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	has	United	pilots union				
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .	has	UAL	Chairman				
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	was elected to	he	his first 10 - year term as judge	in 1971			
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	was effectively re - elected	he	in 1981	in 1981			
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	was elected to	he	his first 10 - year term as judge	After practicing law locally			
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	was elected After practicing	he	law locally				
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10 - year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re - elected .	was practicing law	he	locally				
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	are seriously pouring in	more and more U.S. companies	After years of talking about selling in Japan	After years of talking about selling in Japan			
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .	were talking about	more and more U.S. companies	selling in Japan				
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	have been watching	Heathrow authorities	a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers	for some time			
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	are allegedly crooked	a group of baggage handlers					
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	are in	authorities	Heathrow				
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	may be `` lost ''	the Gauguin					
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	will announce	the Treasury	details of the November refunding	tomorrow			
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	could be delayed if	November refunding	President Bush and Congress fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity				
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .	is President	Bush					
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	has been fascinated by	the public	gossip	always			
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	has been fascinated by	the public	voyeurism	always			
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	will strain for	reporters	creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	will strain for	editors	creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	including	collateral facts about private lives	sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	including	collateral facts about private lives	sexual activities				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	including	collateral facts about private lives	domestic relationships				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	including	collateral facts about private lives	activities of family members				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	including	collateral facts about private lives	all matters about mental health				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	including	collateral facts about private lives	all matters about physical health				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	since	reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health	the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	since	editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health	the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism				
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .	facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health	are collateral					
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	gave discounts on	Dewar 's	Scottish merchandise				
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	gave	Dewar 's	discounts on Scottish merchandise				
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .	gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to	Dewar 's	people who sent in bottle labels				
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	laughs	Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever					
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	is the former Oakland reliever	Mr. Fingers					
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	do n't expect	many complete games by pitchers					
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	by pitchers	complete games					
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	by	complete games	pitchers				
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	do n't	expect many complete games by pitchers					
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	out of	perhaps three complete games by pitchers	288 games by pitchers				
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	is the Oakland reliever	Mr. Fingers	former				
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .	is the former reliever	Mr. Fingers	Oakland				
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	got rid of	he	low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company				
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	were n't making	low - margin businesses	money for the company				
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	were low - margin	businesses					
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	were n't making for	low - margin businesses	the company				
And he got rid of low - margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .	just were n't	low - margin businesses	making money for the company				
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	are on	Annualized interest rates	certain investments				
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	are reported by	Annualized interest rates on certain investments	the Federal Reserve				
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	are reported on	Annualized interest rates on certain investments	a weekly - average basis				
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	are Annualized	interest rates					
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	is weekly - average	basis					
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :	is	basis average	weekly				
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .	had	American Brands	95.2 million shares outstanding	As of Sept. 30			
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	drew to a close	the London trading session					
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	drew to a close	the trading session	in London		in London		
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	was still listening to	the market	the parliamentary debate on the economy	As the London trading session drew to a close			
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	was expected to clarify	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	his approach to the British economy				
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	was expected to clarify	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	his approach to currency issues				
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	is	John Major	new Chancellor of the Exchequer				
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	has approach to	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	the British economy				
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	has approach to	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	currency issues				
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	is in	the trading session	London		in London		
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	is on	parliamentary debate	the economy				
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	have tripled	sales	At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif.	since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987			
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	is in	Giant Bicycle Inc.	Rancho Dominguez , Calif.				
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	is in	Rancho Dominguez	Calif.				
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	entered	Giant Bicycle Inc.	the U.S. mountain - bike business	in 1987			
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .	entered	Giant Bicycle Inc.	the mountain - bike business		in the U.S.		
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	were sharply higher	almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index	At one point	At one point			
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	were sharply higher	almost all of the shares	in the 20 - stock Major Market Index	At one point			
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	has	Major Market Index	20 stocks				
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20 - stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher .	mimics	the 20 - stock Major Market Index	the industrial average				
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	require less	patients	attention from nurses				
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	require less	patients	attention from other staff				
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	are lower Because	room charges	patients require less attention from nurses				
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	are lower than	room charges	a regular room		at the Vermont hospital		
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	are about $ 100 less per day than	room charges	a regular room		at the Vermont hospital		
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	are jolted with	certain areas	a magnetic stimulator		in subjects ' brains		
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	are jolted with	certain areas	a magnetic stimulator	Between flashes			
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	is magnetic	stimulator					
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .	have brains	subjects					
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .	reflect	Both	the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives				
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	had a rise	British stocks					
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	are British	government bonds					
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	are British	stocks					
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	ended moderately higher	British government bonds					
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	were encouraged by	British government bonds	a steadier pound				
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	were encouraged by	British government bonds	a rise in British stocks				
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .	is steadier	pound					
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	is offering	the state	only $ 39,000 a year				
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	has	California	high standard of living				
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	says	Brent Scott , a recruiting officer	`` there are n't too many to choose from ''				
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .	is a recruiting officer	Brent Scott					
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	has been waived	the golden share					
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	ban	the British concern 's articles of association	shareholdings of more than 15 %				
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	would still have to alter	a hostile bidder for Jaguar	the British concern 's articles of association				
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	has articles of association	the British concern					
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	is hostile	bidder for Jaguar					
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .	has	Jaguar	a hostile bidder				
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .	sits amid	only one real - life PC	the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries				
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	did n't need to	fully 90 % of those polled	belong to a health club				
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .	felt	fully 90 % of those polled	they did n't need to belong to a health club				
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	emphasized	he	that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level				
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	new accounts	this month	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	new sales	this month	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	inquiries	this month	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	subsequent sales of stock funds	this month	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	new accounts	September 's level	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	new sales	September 's level	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	inquiries	September 's level	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	subsequent sales of stock funds	September 's level	this month			
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are subsequent	sales of stock funds					
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .	appears to be	it	the sort of hold one makes	while heading for the door			
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .	appears to be	it	the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door				
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .	is heading for	one	the door				
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	if	the taxpayer 's exposure will be deepened	the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour				
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	has exposure	the taxpayer					
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	will be forced to pay for	the FHA	more loans going sour				
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	does that at the cost of deepening	it	the taxpayer 's exposure				
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	were	loans	going sour				
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	will be deepening	the taxpayer 's exposure	if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour			if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour	
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	But	it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour					
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	behaved like	Judge O'Kicki	a man who would be king	often			
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	is Judge	O'Kicki					
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .	say	some	Judge O'Kicki behaved like a man who would be an arrogant and abusive king				
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	can think of	we	many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond				
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .	are to stay out for	many reasons	the foreseeable future and well beyond				
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	were afraid to go in	all	when they arrived at the door	when they arrived at the door			
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	were fearing that	all	they would be out of place				
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	were afraid to go	all	in				
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	were afraid to go in	all	at the door				
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	arrived at	they	the door				
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	were afraid to go	they	in				
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .	were fearing	they	that they would be out of place				
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	are n't reported	wire transfers from a standing account					
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	are n't reported	wire transfers bigger than $ 10,000 from a standing account					
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music as	you	merely commercial				
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music as	you	merely lightweight				
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's motives as	you	merely commercial				
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .	ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's motives as	you	merely lightweight				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	hopes	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	not only to make certain tasks easier				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	hopes	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	to transform the way the company is run				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	uses	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	PCs				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	is	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	in Kyoto				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	hopes to make certain tasks easier By increasing	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	the number of PCs it uses from 66				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	hopes to transform the way the company is run By increasing	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	the number of PCs it uses to 1,000				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	hopes to make certain tasks easier By increasing	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	the number of PCs it uses to 1,000				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	hopes to transform the way the company is run By increasing	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co.	the number of PCs it uses from 66				
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .	is	the company	Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto				
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	will jump as much as	Combined PC and work - station use	25 % annually		in Japan		
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	will jump as much as	Combined PC and work - station use	25 % annually	over the next five years			
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	according to some analysts	Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years compared with about 10 % in the U.S					
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	will jump about	Combined PC and work - station use	10%		in the U.S		
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	will jump about	Combined PC and work - station use	10%	over the next five years			
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .	are Combined	PC and work - station use					
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	is Crouched	Bert Campaneris	at shortstop				
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	was Oakland 's master thief	Bert Campaneris	once				
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	effortlessly scoops up	Bert Campaneris	a groundball				
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	effortlessly flips it to	Bert Campaneris	second				
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	have swelled from	the number of balloonists who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test	a couple hundred	During the past 25 years			
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	have swelled to	the number of balloonists who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test	several thousand	During the past 25 years			
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	run as high as	some estimates	10,000 balloonists who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test During the past 25 years				
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	have passed	balloonists	a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test				
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .	has a	Federal Aviation Authority	lighter - than - air test				
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	would be based on	Each company 's share of liability	their share of the national DES market				
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	has share of	Each company	liability				
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .	has share of	Each company	the national DES market				
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	had no trouble selling out	Blackstone Group	a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors	Earlier this year			
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	is	Blackstone Group	a New York investment bank				
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	is in	investment bank	New York				
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	is in	Blackstone Group	New York				
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	is special	mortgage - securities trust					
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	is $ 570 million	mortgage - securities trust					
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	created	Blackstone Group	a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust				
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust it created for Japanese investors .	created for	Blackstone Group	Japanese investors a special $ 570 million mortgage - securities trust				
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	pores over	Mr. Sider	last wills and testaments	Early in the morning			
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	is	Mr. Sider	an estate lawyer				
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	could also pay	Employers	a subminimum `` training wage '' to new workers who are up to 19 years old	for 90 days			
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	could also pay	Employers	a subminimum `` training wage '' to new workers who are up to 19 years old if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers	for another 90 days			
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .	is subminimum	`` training wage ''					
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .	the remaining members	have been desperate for the United States to rejoin	this dreadful group	Ever since			
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .	signed up	I	promptly				
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .	was Feeling	I	the naggings of a culture imperative				
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	have raised	Few people	as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum		in the advertising business		
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	raised	Alvin A. Achenbaum	hackles		in the advertising business		
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	has no plans to interfere with	Mitsubishi Estate	Rockefeller 's management				
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	has management	Rockefeller					
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	a place is on	the board	Rockefeller				
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	has no plans to interfere beyond	Mitsubishi Estate	taking a place on the board				
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	Finally	Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board					
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .	is  taking a place on the board	Mitsubishi Estate	Rockefeller				
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	incurred	First Boston	millions of dollars of losses				
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	incurred losses on	First Boston	Campeau securities it owned				
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	incurred losses on	First Boston	special securities it could n't sell				
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	could n't sell	First Boston	special securities				
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .	owned	First Boston	Campeau securities				
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly from	a passenger	Chardon , Neb.				
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly to	a passenger	Denver				
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly for as little as	a passenger	$89				
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly for	a passenger	as little as $ 89 to $ 109		from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver		
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	according to	a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109	prices quoted by the company				
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	were quoted by	prices	the company				
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	have n't managed to win	unions	wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers	For the past five years			
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .	were granted to	large wage increases	nonunion workers				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	has interests in	Fraser & Neave	packaging				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	has interests in	Fraser & Neave	beer				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	has interests in	Fraser & Neave	dairy products				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	holds	Fraser & Neave	the Coke licenses for Malaysia				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	holds	Fraser & Neave	the Coke licenses for Brunei				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	is n't as high as in	per - capita consumption	Singapore		in Malaysia		
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	is n't as high as in	per - capita consumption	Singapore		in Brunei		
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	is n't as high as	per - capita consumption in Malaysia	in Singapore		in Singapore		
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	is n't as high as	per - capita consumption in Brunei	in Singapore		in Singapore		
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	holds Coke licenses	Fraser & Neave	Malaysia				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	holds Coke licenses	Fraser & Neave	Brunei				
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .	also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products	Fraser & Neave					
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	president of this financially troubled department store chain				
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain				
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is financially troubled	this department store chain					
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is succeeding	Hani Zayadi	Frank Robertson				
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is retiring early	Frank Robertson					
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	was appointed effective	Hani Zayadi	Nov. 15	Nov. 15			
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is retiring	Frank Robertson	early	early			
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	has a chief executive officer	this financially troubled department store chain					
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	has a president	this financially troubled department store chain					
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	contended that	He	the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction				
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	failed to cite	the plaintiffs	any legal authority that would justify such an injunction				
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction .	would justify	legal authority	such an injunction				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	illustrated	He	this intricate , jazzy tapestry				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	unfortunately illustrated with	He	Mr. Pearson 's images				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was thoroughly distracting from	a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure	Mr. Reich 's piece				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was thoroughly distracting from	a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure	Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was kitschy	mirroring of the musical structure					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	has	Mr. Reich	a piece				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	has	Mr. Stoltzman	elegant execution				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	is elegant	Mr. Stoltzman 's execution					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	are repeating	objects					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	are geometric	objects					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	is intricate	this tapestry					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	is jazzy	this tapestry					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	has	Mr. Pearson	images				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	are of	Mr. Pearson 's images	geometric objects				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	are of	Mr. Pearson 's images	repeating objects				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	illustrated with	He	Mr. Pearson 's images of geometric or repeating objects	this time			
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	unfortunately	he also illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images					
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was a kitschy mirroring of	illustrating with Mr. Pearson 's images of geometric or repeating objects	the musical structure				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was illustrated with	this intricate , jazzy tapestry	Mr. Pearson 's images				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was illustrated with images of	this intricate , jazzy tapestry	geometric objects				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was illustrated with images of	this intricate , jazzy tapestry	repeating objects				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	were a kitschy mirroring of	images of geometric or repeating objects	the musical structure				
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .	was kitschy	mirroring of the musical structure					
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	discovered	He	a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	traced a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments to	He	a user named `` Hunter ''				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	was traced to	a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time	a user named `` Hunter ''				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	were made to	charges	various departments				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	were made for	charges	computer time				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	had no	Hunter	valid billing address				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	was named	a user	`` Hunter ''				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	had no	a user	valid billing address				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	was in	a 75 - cent discrepancy	the charges made to various departments for computer time				
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .	was 75 cents	the discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time					
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	has n't been able to replace	He	the M'Bow cabal				
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .	is	M'Bow	a cabal				
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	classifies	Her recent report	the stock				
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	is classified as	the stock	a `` hold ''				
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''	classifies as	Her recent report	a `` hold ''				
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	are	price trends on the world 's major stock markets	Here		Here		
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	are on	price trends	the world 's major stock markets				
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	are in	major stock markets	the world				
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	has	the world	major stock markets				
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	are calculated by	price trends on the world 's major stock markets	Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective				
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .	is in	Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective	Geneva				
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	is n't abandoning	StatesWest	its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa				
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	is in pursuit of	StatesWest	the much - larger Mesa				
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .	is much larger	Mesa					
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	survive  forever	most poison pills	once they are adopted				
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	is	the problem	that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .				
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	contends that	Humana	$ 8,000 represents an extreme case				
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	represents	Humana contends that $ 8,000	an extreme case				
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	regular charge for lithotripsy is	Humana contends that	$4,900				
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	contends that	Humana	its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900				
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .	regular charge is	Humana contends that	$ 4,900 for lithotripsy				
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	voted to hold	Hungary 's Parliament	a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president				
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	to fill	a national referendum on an election	the new post of president				
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	referendum on	a national	an election to fill the new post of president				
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	voted to	Hungary 's Parliament	hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president				
I do n't think that is the case . ''	do n't think	I	that is the case				
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	was pleased to note that	I	your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events				
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	recognized	your item	the money - fund concept as one of the significant events				
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money - fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .	as one of	the money - fund concept recognized	the significant events				
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .	do n't look	it	good				
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .	's	there	something weird				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	fled	Mrs. Marcos	the Philippines				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	fled for	Mrs. Marcos	Hawaii				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	fled	Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines ,	the Philippines				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	fled for	Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	Hawaii				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	fled	her late husband	the Philippines				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	fled for	her late husband	Hawaii				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	racketeering	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	conspiracy	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	obstruction of justice	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	mail fraud	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	racketeering	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	conspiracy	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	obstruction of justice	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	mail fraud	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	is the ousted president of the Philippines	her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos					
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	is her late husband	Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines					
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	allegedly embezzled from	Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	their homeland				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million	Mrs. Marcos					
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million	her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines					
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	racketeering	a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	conspiracy	a year and a after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was alleged	it	they embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was ousted	Ferdinand Marcos , president of the Philippines					
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	obstruction of justice	a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	was charged with	Mrs. Marcos	mail fraud	a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .		a scheme in which	they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland				
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	were charged in	they	a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland	In 1988			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	were charged in	they	a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland	a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines			
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .	is  late husband of	Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines	Mrs. Marcos				
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market		In Japan		
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	is of software	market	In Japan		In Japan		
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	is sold	PC software	In the U.S.		In the U.S.		
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis	according to	Lotus				
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	PC software	is sold for	spreadsheets				
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	PC software	is sold for	database analysis				
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	PC software	more than half is sold either for	spreadsheets or database analysis		In the U.S.		
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	generated	an expected debt offering by International Business Machines Corp.	considerable attention		In the corporate market		
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	generated	an expected debt offering by International Business Machines Corp.	considerable attention	today			
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .	expected by	debt offering	International Business Machines Corp.	today			
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	rose from	profit	$ 283.9 million	In the first nine months			
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	rose from	profit	$ 3.53 a share	In the first nine months			
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	rose by	profit	10%	In the first nine months			
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	rose 10 % to	profit	$ 313.2 million	In the first nine months			
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .	rose 10 % to	profit	$ 3.89 a share	In the first nine months			
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .	had bolted out of	the insurance adjusters	the courtroom	already			
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .	had Indeed	the insurance adjusters	bolted out of the courtroom	already			
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	says	Industrial Bank of Japan	it will more than double its purchases this year				
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	claims to be	Industrial Bank of Japan	the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities				
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	will more than double	Industrial Bank of Japan	its purchases this year				
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	will more than double its purchases to	Industrial Bank of Japan	an amount one official puts at several billion dollars				
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .	puts	one official	amount at several billion dollars				
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .	came in	It	London 's `` Big Bang '' deregulation	1986			
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .	came in	It	Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' deregulation	the same year			
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	rose by	It	4.80%	for the 12 months ended in June 1988			
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .	rose by	It	4.70%	in the 12 months ended in September 1988			
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	surged	It	2 3\/4 to 6				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	surged to	It	6				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	surged on	It	volume of more than 1.7 million shares				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	surged	It	the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical	after			
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	agreed to be acquired by	the company	Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	agreed to be acquired for	the company	about $ 110 million				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	is	$ 110 million	almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	is in	Chugai Pharmaceutical	Japan				
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	has stock	Gen - Probe					
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .	has market price	Gen - Probe stock					
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	was the most active of	It	the 100 - share index				
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	was the most active at	It	8.3 million shares				
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	were traded	6.5 million of 8.3 million shares	by midday				
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	is 100 - share	index					
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	add	analysts	Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management				
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	are weakened because	Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid	fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management				
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	are owned by	fewer than 3 % of Jaguar 's shares	employees and management				
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	has defenses against	Jaguar	a hostile bid				
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	Jaguar	has shares					
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	Jaguar	has employees					
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	Jaguar	has management					
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .	Jaguar	has its own defenses					
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use PCs at half the rate of	Japanese office workers	their European counterparts				
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use PCs at one - third the rate of	Japanese office workers	the Americans				
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are European	counterparts					
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are Japanese	office workers					
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are European	office workers					
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are Americans	office workers					
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are in	office workers	Japan				
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are in	office workers	Europe				
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	are in	office workers	America				
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use	European office workers	PCs				
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use	American office workers	PCs				
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	will be one of the most important tasks facing	Keeping the Japanese happy	conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1				
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	is	Ernesto Ruffo	conservative leader				
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	is conservative	Ernesto Ruffo					
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	is a leader	Ernesto Ruffo					
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	takes office	conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo	Nov. 1	Nov. 1			
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	takes office as	conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo	the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history				
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	takes office in	conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo	Mexico	Nov. 1			
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history .	has modern history	Mexico					
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing at	Labor costs	a far more rapid pace				
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing in	Labor costs	the health care industry				
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing in	Labor costs	other industries				
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	is	pace costs are climbing at	far more rapid		in the health care industry		
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing	Labor costs	in the health care industry		in the health care industry		
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing	Labor costs	in other industries		in other industries		
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	has control	Mitsubishi	of some major projects		at home		
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	has control	Mitsubishi	of some major projects	Meanwhile			
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from providing	Medical cooperatives	general - practitioner services				
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from carrying out	Medical cooperatives	surgery				
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from treating	Medical cooperatives	cancer patients				
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from treating	Medical cooperatives	pregnant women				
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from treating	Medical cooperatives	pregnant women				
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are among	Medical cooperatives	the most successful		in the U.S.S.R.		
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	is	providing general - practitioner services	their main source of income				
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	is	providing general - practitioner services	the main source of income of Medical cooperatives				
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	has interests in	Metromedia	telecommunications				
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	has interests in	Metromedia	robotic painting				
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	has interests in	Metromedia	computer software				
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	has interests in	Metromedia	restaurants				
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	has interests in	Metromedia	entertainment				
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .	is headed by	Metromedia	John W. Kluge				
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	moved in	Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs	the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields				
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	have	jumbo CDs	denominations over $ 90,000				
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	have	short - term jumbo CDs	yields				
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .	have	Treasury bills	yields				
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	almost certainly would n't be able to participate in	Mr. Guber	future sequels to `` Batman ''				
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	almost certainly would n't be able to participate in	Mr. Peters	future sequels to `` Batman ''				
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	is a blockbuster hit	`` Batman ''					
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	was produced for	`` Batman ''	Warner				
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	was produced for	the blockbuster hit	Warner				
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	produced	they	`` Batman ''				
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .	produced	they	the blockbuster hit				
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	is	Mr. Phelan	an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions				
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	has	the Big Board	factions				
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .	normally appears to be	Mr. Phelan	solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	has	Mr. Ridley	decision				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	fires	Mr. Ridley 's decision	the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	perhaps will be	contest	costly				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	is between	a costly contest	the world 's auto giants				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	is for	a costly contest	Britain 's leading luxury - car maker				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	has auto giants	the world					
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	is in	leading luxury - car maker	Britain				
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	are in	auto giants	the world				
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	suspected	Mr. Stoll	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers				
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	have fun breaking into	precocious students	computers				
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	was one of	the intruder	those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers				
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	are precocious	students who have fun breaking into computers					
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	says	Mr. Wathen	Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands				
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	boasts that	Mr. Wathen	he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again				
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	was under	Pinkerton 's loss of nearly $ 8 million	American Brands	in 1987			
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .	had a loss of	Pinkerton 's	nearly $ 8 million under American Brands	in 1987			
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	was previously president and chief operating officer of	Mr. Zayadi	Zellers Inc.		in  Canada		
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	was	Mr. Zayadi	previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. a retail chain owned by Toronto based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada's largest department store operator				
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .	was  previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. a	Mr. Zayadi	retail chain that is owned by Toronto based Hudson's Bay Co , Canada's largest department store operator				
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .	is expected to begin a	Mrs. Marcos	trial	in March			
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by	Mrs. Marcos	the government				
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .	has admitted that she filed	Mrs. Marcos	any documents such as those sought by the government				
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .	is a	Norris McLaughlin	general practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work				
Norris McLaughlin is a general - practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .	is a general - practice firm  that	Norris McLaughlin	has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental				
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .	is  a lawyer who  claims he 'd play for	Mr. Broberg	free	Now			
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	has been left intact	the New York decision	Now	Now			
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit .	may follow suit	other states	Now that the New York decision has been left intact				
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	says :	he	`` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''				
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	has	Mrs. Stinnett	dog				
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	is	Cuddles	Mrs. Stinnett 's dog				
Of the self - starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . ''	is self - starting	vacuum cleaner					
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	could encourage	the ruling	other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court				
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	are product - related	lawsuits					
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	is broader	scale					
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	have courts	other states					
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	has logic	the New York court					
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	could adopt the logic in	other states ' courts	DES cases				
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	could adopt the logic in	other states ' courts	other product - related lawsuits				
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .	as well	the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court	in other product - related lawsuits				
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	goes ghost - busting	Mr. Baker	On a recent afternoon	On a recent afternoon			
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	goes ghost - busting	a reporter	On a recent afternoon	On a recent afternoon			
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	visits	Mr. Baker	Kathleen Stinnett	On a recent afternoon			
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	visits	a reporter	Kathleen Stinnett	On a recent afternoon			
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	is	Kathleen Stinnett	a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house				
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	has phoned	Kathleen Stinnett	the University of Kentucky				
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost - busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .	has reported	Kathleen Stinnett	mysterious happenings in her house				
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''	had best not dance	One	a coffin		on top of a coffin		
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''	had best not dance	One	a coffin	until the lid is sealed tightly shut			
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''	has lid	coffin					
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	are	his factories	in Japan		in Japan		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	are	his factories	in Korea		in Korea		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	employ	his factories	his followers at subsistence wages		in Japan and Korea		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	produce	his factories	rifles		in Japan and Korea		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	are	marble vases	expensive				
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	are	expensive vases	marble				
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	kept	his factories	the money flowing westward		in Japan		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	kept	his factories	the money flowing westward		in Korea		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	produce	his factories	ginseng		in Japan and Korea		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	produce	his factories	expensive marble vases		in Japan and Korea		
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .	flows	money	westward		westward		
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	is ascending	one	in a picnic basket		in a picnic basket		
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	is descending	one	a tad trop rapidement		in a picnic basket		
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	feels	one	airborne		in a picnic basket		
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	Only when	one feels airborne	one is ascending in a picnic basket				
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .	Only when	one feels airborne	one is descending a tad trop rapidement in a picnic basket				
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	spends about	Chugai	15 % of its sales on research and development				
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	is	Osamu Nagayama	deputy president of Chugai				
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	was unable to pinpoint	Osamu Nagayama	how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe				
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen - Probe .	Chugai	has	deputy president				
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	covers	Pennzoil 's poison pill	five years				
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	is	manner	prudent				
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	is	management	current				
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	is poison	pill					
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	has	Pennzoil	poison pill				
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	current management	five years gives	enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner				
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .	will be put to work in	these proceeds	a prudent manner				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	is	Lee Kuan Yew	Prime Minister				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	is	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore 's leader				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	was	Lee Kuan Yew	one of the leading statesmen	for 30 years			
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	was	Lee Kuan Yew	one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	announced	Lee Kuan Yew	his intention to retire next year	recently			
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	has intention to retire	Lee Kuan Yew	next year	next year			
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	though	Lee Kuan Yew announced his intention to retire next year	not necessarily to end his influence				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	has	Singapore	leader				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	has	Asia	leading statesmen				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	has	Singapore	Prime Minister				
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	has	Lee Kuan Yew	influence				
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of four products		in Canada		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of four products	recently			
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of Tide		in Canada		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of Tide	recently			
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of Mr. Clean		in Canada		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	introduced	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of Mr. Clean	recently			
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't plan to bring to	Procter & Gamble Co.	them		to the U.S		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't plan to bring to	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of Mr. Clean		to the U.S		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't plan to bring to	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of four products		to the U.S		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't plan to bring to	Procter & Gamble Co.	refillable versions of Tide		to the U.S		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	have	four products	refillable versions		in Canada		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	has	Tide	refillable version		in Canada		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	has	Mr. Clean	refillable version		in Canada		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	is	Tide	product of Procter & Gamble Co.				
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	is	Mr. Clean	product of Procter & Gamble Co.				
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't have	Tide	refillable version		in the U.S		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't have	Mr. Clean	refillable version		in the U.S		
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .	does n't have	four products	refillable versions		in the U.S		
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	speeds up	RISC technology	a computer				
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	simplifies	RISC technology	the internal software				
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	computer	has	internal software				
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .	speeds by simplifying	RISC technology	the internal software				
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	reveal that	rabbit studies	RU-486 can cause birth defects				
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	reported	Lancet	rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects	in 1987			
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	is	Lancet	British medical journal				
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	is	Lancet	medical journal		in Britain		
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	are	rabbit studies revealing that RU-486 can cause birth defects	Rather ominous				
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .	can cause	RU-486	birth defects				
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	can purchase	Repeat customers	luxury items at reduced prices				
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	are at	luxury items	reduced prices				
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	are	prices	reduced				
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	was named to	Roger M. Marino	the new post of vice chairman				
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	is	Roger M. Marino	president				
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	is new	the post of vice chairman					
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman .	is	Roger M. Marino	vice chairman				
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	agrees that	Ryukichi Imai	Mexico may be too eager				
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	is ambassador	Ryukichi Imai	Japan				
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	is Japan 's	Ryukichi Imai	ambassador to Mexico				
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	is Japan 's ambassador to	Ryukichi Imai	Mexico				
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .	ambassador to Mexico	Japan has					
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	is showing	the dollar	persistent strength				
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	despite	the dollar is showing persistent strength	a slowdown in the U.S. economy				
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	is shown by	a slowdown in the U.S. economy	economic indicators				
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .	is in	a slowdown	the economy		in the U.S.		
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	is confident he has	Sen. Mitchell	sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions				
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	will be sufficient to block	votes	such a measure with procedural actions				
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	is	Robert Byrd	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman				
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	is D.	Robert Byrd	W.Va W.Va				
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	strongly resisted	Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd	deeper cuts sought by the House				
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	sought	the House	deeper cuts				
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	has Chairman	Senate Appropriations Committee					
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House .	is in	Appropriations Committee	Senate				
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	agreed to acquire	Shaw Industries	Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations				
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	agreed to acquire for	Shaw Industries	an undisclosed price Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations				
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	rose 2 1\/4	Shaw Industries					
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	rose to 26 1\/8	Shaw Industries					
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	has	Armstrong World Industries	carpet operations				
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .	is	price of Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations	undisclosed				
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	will maintain	Sidley	its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo				
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	is in	Hashidate Law Office	Tokyo		in Tokyo		
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .	has association with	Sidley	Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo				
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	are expected to reveal	Similar studies	how stroke patients ' brains regroup				
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	is toward finding	a first step	ways to bolster that process				
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	is toward finding	a first step	ways to speed rehabilitation				
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	regroup	stroke patients ' brains					
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .	is a first step	revealing how stroke patients ' brains regroup					
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	also includes	the real estate unit	debt				
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	is close to	the imputed value of the real estate itself	$ 3 billion				
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	has imputed value	the real estate itself					
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .	Since	the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion	the real estate unit also includes debt				
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	was voted	Judge O'Kicki	president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges	Six years ago			
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	was voted by	Judge O'Kicki	the state 's 400 judges	Six years ago			
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	is	O'Kicki	Judge				
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	has	Pennsylvania	Conference of State Trial Judges				
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	is in	Conference of State Trial Judges	Pennsylvania		in Pennsylvania		
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	has 400 judges	Pennsylvania					
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges .	are in	400 judges	Pennsylvania		in Pennsylvania		
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	can go out if	you	you have a headache	Sometimes			
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''	can walk it right off if	you	you have a headache	Sometimes			
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	remain in charge of	Soviets	education programs				
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	is in charge of	a former head of an African military tribunal for executions	culture				
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	directs	a hard - line Polish communist in exile	the human - rights and peace division				
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line Polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .	is in exile	a hard - line Polish communist					
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	climbed 5.29	Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index					
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	climbed to 340.36	Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index					
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	added 4.70	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index					
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	added to 318.79	the Dow Jones Equity Market Index					
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	climbed 2.65	the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index					
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	has	Standard & Poor	500 - Stock Index				
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	has	Dow Jones	Equity Market Index				
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	has	New York Stock Exchange	Composite Index				
Standard & Poor 's 500 - Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to	is in	Stock Exchange	New York		in New York		
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	are certain to turn	Strong sales so far	the tide	this year			
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	expects	Nissan	25 % market share	in 1989			
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	will leave Nissan	Strong sales so far	far below its position at the beginning of the decade	this year			
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .	had position	Nissan	at the beginning of the decade	at the beginning of the decade			
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	Student job postings	slip 10	at Boston University	this year			
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .	Student job postings	had a 10 % drop	at Boston University	in 1988			
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	can be responsible for	THE CHIEF NURSING officer	more than 1,000 employees				
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	can be responsible for	THE CHIEF NURSING officer	at least one - third of a hospital 's budget				
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	has	a hospital	a budget				
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	typically oversees	a head nurse	up to 80 employees				
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .	typically oversees	a head nurse	up to $ 8 million				
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	can continue bidding for	industrial companies	one another				
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	will be at a disadvantage in obtaining	financial buyers	financing				
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	noted that with	Takeover stock traders	the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed				
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	are financial buyers	leveraged buy - out firms					
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	is in disarray	the junk - bond market					
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	has a bid	Georgia - Pacific					
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	are industrial	companies					
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	is an indication of where the takeover game is headed	Georgia - Pacific 's bid					
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	but	industrial companies can continue bidding for one another	financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing				
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk - bond market in disarray , Georgia - Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy - out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .	will be at a disadvantage in obtaining	leveraged buy - out firms	financing				
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	bore	Technology stocks	the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off				
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	say	traders	it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around				
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	has turned around	the market	now	now			
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	had a sell - off	the OTC market	recent	recent			
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .	is natural	Technology stocks rebound sharply now that the market has turned around					
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .	compares with	That	3.5 % butterfat for whole milk				
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .	has 3.5 % butterfat	whole milk					
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	were targeted to be offered at	The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes	a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR				
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating - rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR .	will  float	a price	four percentage points above the three - month LIBOR				
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	is a former rock 'n' roll manager	The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff					
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	is the a 41 - year - old	Mr. Azoff					
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	is credited with turning around	The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff	MCA 's once - moribund music division		at the company		
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	is credited with turning around	The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff	MCA 's once - moribund music division	in his six years			
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	was moribund	MCA 's music division	once	once			
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	had six years	The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff	at the company		at the company		
The 41 - year - old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once - moribund music division in his six years at the company .	was turned around	MCA 's once - moribund music division	at the company	in his six years			
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	also asks the court to rule that	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September				
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	also asks the court to rule that	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment				
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	has a lawsuit	Lone Star Steel					
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	was due	$ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	in September	in September			
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	was n't paid	$ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	in September	in September			
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	is parent company	Lone Star Technologies					
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	is parent of	Lone Star Technologies	Lone Star Steel				
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	is subsidiary of	Lone Star Steel	Lone Star Technologies				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	ruled that	The National Transportation Safety Board	pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	ruled that	The National Transportation Safety Board	pilots failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	ruled that	The National Transportation Safety Board	pilots failed to set the plane 's slats properly for takeoff				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	would have detected	mandatory preflight checks	the error				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	would have detected that	mandatory preflight checks	pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	would have detected that	mandatory preflight checks	pilots failed to set the plane 's slats properly for takeoff				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	are mandatory	preflight checks					
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	has wing flaps	plane					
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	has slats	plane					
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	failed to set	pilots	the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	failed to set	pilots	the plane 's slats properly for takeoff				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	failed to make	pilots	mandatory preflight checks				
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	are preflight	mandatory checks					
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	added that	The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company	it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring				
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .	does n't expect	The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company	any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring				
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	fell	The Second Section index	36.87 points	Friday			
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	was down	The Second Section index	21.44 points				
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	was down	The Second Section index	0.59%				
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .	closed at	The Second Section index	3636.06				
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	complicated the issue by offering to include	The Soviets	light tanks				
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .	are as light as	light tanks	10 tons				
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .	is dominated by	The U.S. market	a giant , International Business Machines Corp				
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .	is dominated by	The market	a giant , International Business Machines Corp				
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	has got off to	The basket product	a slow start				
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	is being supported by	The basket product	some big brokerage firms				
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	is splintered	Mr. Phelan 's constituency					
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .	has	Mr. Phelan	splintered constituency				
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	does n't mention	The campaign	cigarettes				
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	does n't mention	The campaign	smoking				
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	have been prohibited on	cigarette ads	television	since 1971			
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	is patriotic	a celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights					
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .	is a patriotic celebration of	The campaign	the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights				
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	is	the Landmark Tower	The centerpiece of that complex				
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	will be	the Landmark Tower	Japan's tallest building	when it is completed in 1993			
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	will be	he centerpiece of that complex	Japan's tallest building	when it is completed in 1993			
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	has a centerpiece	that complex					
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	will be completed in	the Landmark Tower	1993	in 1993			
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	will be completed in	Japan 's tallest building	1993	in 1994			
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .	will be completed in	The centerpiece of that complex	1993	in 1995			
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	stemmed from	The conviction	federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice	between 1978 and 1983			
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	were federal	charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice					
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	was for sale	phony infant apple juice	between 1978 and 1983	between 1978 and 1983			
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	was phony	infant apple juice					
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	is for infants	apple juice					
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .	stemmed from	The conviction	federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983				
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	rose slightly from	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	the average rate		at Monday 's auction		
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	rose slightly to	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	7.79%		at Monday 's auction		
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	rose slightly for	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 %		at Monday 's auction		
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	was on	auction	Monday	Monday			
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	have discount rate	three - month Treasury bills					
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	drew strength from	The dollar	the stock market 's climb				
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .	had a climb	the stock market					
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	is that	The effect	lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension				
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	might have been barred	lawsuits					
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	could proceed because of	lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late	the one - year extension				
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	is	the extension	one - year				
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	were filed too late	lawsuits					
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	had profited handsomely by building	The executives	American National Can Co.				
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	is Triangle 's chief asset	American National Can Co.					
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	is chief asset of	American National Can Co.	Triangle				
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	took off	The field	in 1985	in 1985			
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	took off after	The field	scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation				
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	are at	scientists	Britain 's Sheffield University		at Britain 's Sheffield University		
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	is in	Sheffield University	Britain		in Britain		
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	developed	scientists	a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation		at Britain 's Sheffield University		
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	is compact	a magnet for brain stimulation					
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	is handy	a magnet for brain stimulation					
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .	is for	a handy , compact magnet	brain stimulation				
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .	has gone soft	The fitness craze has					
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .	found	the survey	The fitness craze itself has gone soft				
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .	is of fitness	The craze					
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .	has about	The forest - products concern	38 million shares outstanding	currently			
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	has been badly hurt by	The government	last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet				
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	has a cabinet	Mrs. Thatcher					
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	was buffeted by high interest rates	The government	already	already			
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	was buffeted by a slowing economy	The government	already	already			
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .	was	the shake - up	in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet	last week			
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	is backed by	The issue	a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse				
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	is from	a 12 % letter of credit	Credit Suisse				
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	is 12 %	a letter of credit					
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .	is of credit	a letter					
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	tapped	IBM	the corporate debt market	in April 1988			
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	offered	the corporate debt market	$ 500 million of debt securities	in April 1988			
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	Apr-88	was The last time	IBM tapped the corporate debt market				
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities .	was $ 500 million	debt securities					
The latest 10 - year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .	ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 %	The latest 10 - year notes	compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 %	on Friday			
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .	offering	was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate	at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 %				
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise on international law and general matters	The office	foreign and multinational clients				
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise  on international law and general matters	The office	foreign clients				
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise  on international law and general matters	The office	multinational clients				
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise  on international law and general matters	The office	foreign clients				
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .	will favor virtually unrestrained use of	operative definition of newsworthiness	personal sensitive and intimate facts				
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .	was n't disclosed	The price	one analyst estimated it was $ 150 million				
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	dropped slightly as	The prices of  soybean futures contracts	farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by  the 1988 drought				
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	dropped slightly as	The prices of  wheat futures contracts	farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by  the 1988 drought				
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	dropped slightly as	The prices of  corn futures contracts	farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by  the 1988 drought				
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	continued to rebuild	Farmers	stockpiles that were depleted by  the 1988 drought		in the Midwest		
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .	were depleted	stockpiles	by the 1988 drought		in the Midwest		
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	are targeted to be offered at	The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004	a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 %				
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .	will be	The senior subordinated debentures	maturing	in 2004			
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	was languishing at	The share price	about 400 pence	before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement  of  its interest in a minority stake			
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	announced	Ford	its interest in a minority stake	on  Sept. 19			
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .	had	Ford	an  interest in a minority stake	on  Sept. 19			
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	came  after	The surprise announcement	the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case				
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	broke off	the IRS	negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case				
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .	had	Mr. Hunt the one - time tycoon	a  bankruptcy case				
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	has raised	The tax	less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually	in recent years			
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .	has been reluctant to	the government	abolish  the levy	in recent years			
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	will be sold	The three existing plants					
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	will be sold	their land					
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are expected to discuss	The two leaders	changes sweeping the East bloc				
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are expected to discuss	The two leaders	human - rights issues				
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are expected to discuss	The two leaders	regional disputes				
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are expected to discuss	The two leaders	economic cooperation				
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are	disputes	regional				
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are	changes	sweeping				
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	is in	the bloc	East		in East		
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human - rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .	are	The two	leaders				
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	are also discussing	The two sides	certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies				
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	involve	certain business ventures	cable rights to Columbia 's movies				
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	has	Columbia	movies				
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .	are	The two	sides				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	claim to have busted	They	spirits				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	claim to have busted	They	poltergeists				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	claim to have busted	They	spooks				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	claim to have busted	They	spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	are	hundreds of houses	around the country				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	were in	spirits , poltergeists and other spooks	hundreds of houses around the country				
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .	are	hundreds	houses around the country				
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	involves	This	trade - offs				
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	cuts against the grain of	it	existing consumer conceptions of what is ` necessary				
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	cuts against the grain of	it	existing provider conceptions of what is ` necessary				
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	even	it	cuts against the grain of provider conceptions of what is ` necessary				
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	have	consumers	existing conceptions of what is ` necessary				
This involves trade - offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''	have	providers	existing conceptions of what is ` necessary				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	managed to traduce	the U.N. group	its own charter of promoting education				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	managed to traduce	the U.N. group	its own charter of promoting science				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	managed to traduce	the U.N. group	its own charter of promoting culture				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	is	This	the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	is promoting	its own charter	education				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	is promoting	its own charter	science				
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .	is promoting	its own charter	culture				
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	met	This provision	early resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios				
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	met	This provision	strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios				
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	have portfolios	their clients					
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	are worried	investment bankers					
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	met	This provision met	resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios	early			
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .	are in	disruptions	their clients ' portfolios				
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	announced	New York City	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers	This week			
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	is patterned on	a 10 - point policy	the federal bill of rights for taxpayers				
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	is for	the federal bill of rights	taxpayers				
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	has 10 - points	policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers					
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	has sold	Mr. Packer	his stake	since			
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	is moving to keep	Courtaulds	its institutional shareholders happy				
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	Though	Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy	Mr. Packer has since sold his stake				
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	are institutional	shareholders					
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	had stake	Mr. Packer					
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy .	has institutional shareholders	Courtaulds					
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	To avoid	one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote	a runoff				
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	are running	so many candidates					
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	would have to win	one candidate	50 % of the vote To avoid a runoff				
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	consider impossible	most analysts	one candidate winning 50 % of the vote				
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .	is a feat	one candidate winning 50 % of the vote	that most analysts consider impossible				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	is a unit of	Trifari	Crystal Brands Inc.				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	is a unit of	Monet	Crystal Brands Inc.				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	is maker of	Swank Inc.	Anne Klein jewelry				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	is a jewelry maker	Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari unit					
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	is a jewelry maker	Swank Inc.					
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are such as	jewelry makers	Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari unit				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	is a jewelry maker	Crystal Brands Inc. 's Monet unit					
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are such as	jewelry makers	Crystal Brands Inc. 's Monet unit				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are such as	jewelry makers	Swank Inc.				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are launching new	jewelry makers	lines				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are launching with as much fanfare as	new lines	the fragrance companies				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies To increase	jewelry makers	their share of that business				
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .	are launching new lines with	fragrance companies	much fanfare				
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	is based on	each index	the close of 1969 equaling 100				
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .	To make them directly comparable	each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100					
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	are pursuing	no government entities	UV - B measurements				
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	include the EPA	government entities					
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .	no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements	To my knowledge					
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .	bought	Tom Panelli	the $ 300 rowing machine	three years ago			
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago .	had a perfectly good reason for not using	Tom Panelli	the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago				
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	have under 10 % share	U.S. makers					
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	have	U.S. makers	80 % share		at home		
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .	have	U.S. makers	half the market		in Europe		
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	agreed to sell	USG Corp.	its headquarters building here				
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	agreed to sell to	USG Corp.	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto				
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	will lease	USG Corp.	the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992				
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	will move to	USG Corp.	a new quarters	in 1992			
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	has 19 - stories	facility					
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	has 19 - stories	its headquarters building	here		here		
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	has headquarters building	USG Corp.	here		here		
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	was reached	a merger agreement	Sept. 14	Sept. 14			
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	agreed to reimburse	the UAL board	certain of the buy - out group 's expenses				
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	agreed to reimburse out of	the UAL board	company funds				
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	agreed to reimburse even if	the UAL board	the transaction was n't completed				
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	agreed to reimburse provided	the UAL board	the group did n't breach the agreement				
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	reached a merger agreement	the UAL board					
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	has expenses	the buy - out group					
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	has funds	company					
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	has funds	UAL					
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy - out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .	has a board	UAL					
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	will submit	potential investors	sealed bids				
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	will be allocated based on	the bids	these discount offers				
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	Under	potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at	the debt - equity program				
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	Under	the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers	the debt - equity program				
Under the debt - equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .	are willing to purchase	potential investors	debt				
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .	was elected to	Vernon E. Jordan	the board of this transportation services concern				
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern .	has board	this transportation services concern					
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	is being acquired by	Warner Communications Inc.	Time Warner				
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	has filed	Warner Communications Inc.	a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit				
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	has filed suit against	Warner Communications Inc.	Sony				
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .	has filed suit against	Warner Communications Inc.	the two producers				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	has a five - year exclusive contract with	Warner	Mr. Guber				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	has a five - year exclusive contract with	Warner	Mr. Peters				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	requires Mr. Guber to make	a five - year exclusive contract	movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	requires Mr. Peters to make	a five - year exclusive contract	movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	has studio	Warner Bros.					
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	has	Warner	a five - year exclusive contract				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	is five - year	exclusive contract					
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	to make movies exclusively at	Mr. Guber is required	the Warner Bros. studio				
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .	to make movies exclusively at	Mr. Peters is required	the Warner Bros. studio				
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	was idea of	the campaign	Mr. Gibbons				
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	wo n't be paying for	Mr. Gibbons	the campaign				
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	will come out of	The donations	the chain 's national advertising fund				
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	has	the chain	national advertising fund				
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .	is financed by	the chain 's national advertising fund	the franchisees				
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	are running	companies such as Honda Motor Co.	so - called transplant auto operations				
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	are running	companies such as Toyota Motor Corp.	so - called transplant auto operations				
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	are running	companies such as Nissan Motor Co.	so - called transplant auto operations				
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	will reach	Japanese auto production	one million vehicles		in the U.S.		
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .	will reach	Japanese auto production	one million vehicles	this year			
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	were sold	more than 15 million exercise bikes	in the past five years	in the past five years			
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	adds	he	`` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''				
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	must be populated with	a lot of garages	exercise bikes				
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	must be populated with	a lot of basements	exercise bikes				
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . ''	must be populated with	a lot of attics	exercise bikes				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	are real estate experts	Olympia & York					
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	has Itel	Samuel Zell					
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	own	Olympia & York	Santa Fe stock				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	owns	Itel	Santa Fe stock				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	own close to 40 % of	Olympia & York and Itel	Santa Fe 's stock				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	was under pressure to quickly `` maximize	management	values ''				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	is a favored phrase of	`` maximize values ''	Wall Street				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	has	Wall Street	a favored phrase				
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''	is	a phrase	favored				
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	pledged	viewers	over $ 400,000	Within two hours			
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .	according to	viewers pledged over $ 400,000 Within two hours	a Red Cross executive				
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	belongs to	Los Bronces	the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group				
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	belongs to	El Soldado	the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group				
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	is	the Minera Disputado group	Exxon - owned				
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	will vote on	Workers at Los Bronces	whether to strike	Thursday			
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	will vote on	Workers at El Soldado	whether to strike	Thursday			
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	ends	a two - year labor pact	today	today			
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	was	a labor pact that ends today	two - year				
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	is	Los Bronces	a mine		in Chile		
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .	is	El Soldado	a mine		in Chile		
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	collaborated with	he	Peter Serkin	Years ago			
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	collaborated with	he	Fred Sherry	Years ago			
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	collaborated with	he	the new music gurus	Years ago			
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	was	Peter Serkin	a new music guru	Years ago			
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	was	Fred Sherry	a new music guru	Years ago			
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	was	Tashi	a very countercultural chamber group				
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	won audiences over to	the very countercultural chamber group Tashi	dreaded contemporary scores				
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	won audiences over to	the very countercultural chamber group Tashi	Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time ''				
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	is	Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time ''	a dreaded contemporary score				
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''	has	Messiaen	`` Quartet for the End of Time ''				
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	quipped	Mr. Matthews	`` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job }	Yesterday			
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	is	Mr. Matthews	a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston	now			
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .	is	Matthews & Johnston	a firm		in Stamford , Conn.		
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	was on	the last Politburo reshuffle	Sept. 30	on Sept. 30			
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	has a readiness to embark on	the Soviet leader	foreign visits				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	has a steady accumulation of	the Soviet leader	personal power				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	particularly has a readiness to embark on	the Soviet leader	foreign visits	since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30			
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	particularly has a steady accumulation of	Soviet leader	personal power	since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30			
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	is not suggested to be on the verge of	Mr. Gorbachev	being toppled				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	does not look likely to reverse	Mr. Gorbachev	the powers of perestroika				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	is of	the leader	the Soviet				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	has a readiness to embark on	the Soviet leader	visits				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	does not suggest that	the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits	Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	does not suggest that	the Soviet leader 's steady accumulation of personal power	Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	is	Mr. Gorbachev	the Soviet leader				
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .	is	Mr. Gorbachev	the leader of				
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	said	A spokesman	HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank				
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	has paid	HealthVest	two of the three banks	in October			
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .	is in	HealthVest	negotiations				
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .	said	73 % of people	they exercise regularly	in 1981			
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .	said	A surprising 78 % of people	they exercise regularly				
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	said	analysts	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant				
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	were lower than	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint	expected				
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	acted as	the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint	a price depressant				
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	paid	the U.S. government	premiums				
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .	purchased copper for	the U.S. government	the U.S. Mint				
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	said	the source	Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later				
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	wo n't produce	Mr. Azoff	films	at first			
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	is possible that	it	he could do so later				
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .	could do	he	so	later			
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	said	Mr. Shevardnadze said	Although no specific agreements are expected that does n't mean they will be without an agenda .				
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	are expected	no specific agreements	Mr. Shevardnadze said				
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''	does n't mean	that	they will be without an agenda				
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	said	they	Among other things Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label				
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	would develop	Mr. Azoff	musical acts for a new record label				
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .	would develop musical acts for a new record label among	Mr. Azoff	other things				
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	said	he	he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .				
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	will examine	he	the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .				
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine	he	whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .				
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	were sought by	the Marcos documents	the prosecutors				
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	said	Avery Inc.	it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business				
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	completed	it	the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co.				
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .	is	Uniroyal Chemical Co.	the unit 's main business				
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	said	Mr. Carpenter	big institutional investors `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts	yesterday			
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	would n't identify	he	big institutional investors	yesterday			
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .	told us	big institutional investors	they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts	yesterday			
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	said	Coca - Cola Co.	it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd.				
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .	is	Fraser & Neave Ltd.	its bottling franchisee		in that country		
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	said	Company officials	the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit				
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	has been fueling	the current robust domestic demand	sustained economic expansion				
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	helped push up	the current robust domestic demand	sales of products like ships				
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	helped push up	the current robust domestic demand	sales of products like steel structures				
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	helped push up	the current robust domestic demand	sales of products like power systems				
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	helped push up	the current robust domestic demand	sales of products like machinery				
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .	resulted in	the current robust domestic demand	sharply higher profit				
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	said	Mr. Lane	Considered as a whole , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions				
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	were required under	the filings	the proposed rules				
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	will be at least as effective for	the filings	investors following transactions				
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	said	Daimler	it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures				
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .	has had	it	talks				
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	said	traders	Despite the modest gains the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines				
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	remains dull Despite	the market	the modest gains				
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	remain cautiously on	investors	the sidelines				
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	said	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto				
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	agreed to buy	it	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores		from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.		
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	is	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.	a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto				
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	is an attorney for	Jeffrey Kaufman	Fireman 's Fund				
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	said	Jeffrey Kaufman	he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''				
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . ''	was rattled -- both literally and figuratively	he	Jeffrey Kaufman said				
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	said	Ford Motor Co.	it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars				
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	is recalling	it	about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts				because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990 - model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .	was improperly applied to	the windshield adhesive	some cars				
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	said	He	he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year				
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year .	expects the company to have	he	$ 500 million in sales for this year				
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	said that	a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv	Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty				
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	is in	a Canadian Embassy official	Tel Aviv				
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	was unlikely to sell	Canada	the Candu heavy - water reactor				since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	has n't signed	Israel	the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty				
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	said	Treasury officials	they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations				In recent testimony on Capitol Hill
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	were considering	they	the new reporting requirements				
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .	is the first official step toward creating	the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today	final regulations				
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	said	It	CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business				
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	has consistently been	CS First Boston	one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking				
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .	has come from	a very significant portion of the firm 's profit	merchant banking - related business	in recent years			
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	said	Merrill	it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .				
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	continues to believe that	it	the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy				
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .	are far more complex than	the causes of excess market volatility	any particular computer trading strategy				
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	said	the department	Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988				
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	averaged	Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers	$ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988				
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	was sold to	Milk	the nation 's dairy plants				
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .	was sold to	Milk	dealers				
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	said	Mr. Mulford	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated				
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	insisted that	Mr. Mulford	they involved `` nuances . ''				
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	have been exaggerated	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed	Mr. Mulford said				
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	said	Mr. Rifenburgh	the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .				
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .	still has n't acted on	the board	most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet				
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	said that	Nixon	damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , ''	on the fourth day of a private visit to China			
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	was very great	damage to Sino - U.S. relations	Nixon said that				
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	called	Nixon	the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .	on the fourth day of a private visit to China			
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	said	the trade group	Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August				
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	fell to	net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds	$ 1.9 billion	in September			
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .	fell from	net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds	$ 4.2 billion	in August			
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	said	Panhandle Eastern Corp.	it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss				
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .	applied	it	on behalf of two of its subsidiaries				
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	is	Richard Newsom	a California state official				
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	is	American Continental Corp.	Lincoln 's parent				
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	examined	Richard Newsom	Lincoln 's parent	last year			
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	said	Richard Newsom	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed				
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	also saw evidence that	he	crimes had been committed				
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	said	Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc.	it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990				
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .	expects	it	its U.S. sales	in 1990			
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	separately said	Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm	they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap				
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .	are recalling	they	about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines				to replace the oil filler cap
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	said	The Chemical spokeswoman	the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls				
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	has examined	the bank	its methodologies				
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	has examined	the bank	internal controls				
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	said	The company	the fastener business has been under severe cost pressures for some time				
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . ''	has been under	the fastener business	severe cost pressures for some time				
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	said	he	The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency				
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	was helped by	The market 's tempo	the dollar 's resiliency				
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .	said	he	There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals				
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .	added that	he	he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term				
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term .	expects	he	prices to inch up	in the near term			
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	said	the Communist Party newspaper	Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia				
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	has reached	Unemployment	27.60%		in Azerbaijan		
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	has reached	Unemployment	25.70%		in Tadzhikistan		
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	has reached	Unemployment	22.80%		in Uzbekistan		
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	has reached	Unemployment	18.80%		in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia		
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	has reached	Unemployment	18%		in Armenia		
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .	has reached	Unemployment	16.30%		in Kirgizia		
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	says	Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . )	`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , ''				
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	is spending	Business across the country	more time addressing this issue , ''				
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	said	Stephen Reitman	I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run				
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	is	Stephen Reitman	a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew				
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	ca n't believe	I	they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run				
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .	will let	they ( GM )	Ford have a free run				
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	says	Ken Allen	`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months ''				
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	is an official of	Ken Allen	Operating Engineers Local 3		in San Francisco		
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco .	do n't foresee	I	any shortages over the next few months				
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	says	he	`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus ''				
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	wo n't be throwing	I	90 mph				
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	will throw	I	80 - plus				
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	said	he	If working capital financing is not provided , the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales				
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	may have to slow	the RTC	{ S&L sales }	If working capital financing is not provided			
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	may have to dump	the RTC	acquired assets through fire sales	If working capital financing is not provided			
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	says	Bert Vogelstein	It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries				
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	is	It	a super - exciting set of discoveries				
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	is	Bert Vogelstein	a Johns Hopkins University researcher				
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .	has just found	Bert Vogelstein	a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer				
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	said	Dave Vellante	`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude ''				
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	is	It	a wait - and - see attitude				
`` It 's a wait - and - see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .	is the vice president of	Dave Vellante	storage research for International Data Corp .				
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	says	Albert Lerman	`` It 's really bizarre ''				
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	is	It	really bizarre				
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency .	is the creative director at	Albert Lerman	the Wells Rich Greene ad agency				
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''	do n't know	Most of the LBO guys	how to run a business anyway				
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	says	Guy L. Smith	`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , ''				
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	have n't got	Most people whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka	a clue who we are				
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .	is	Guy L. Smith	Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs				
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	says	an official close to the case	`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us ''				
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	told	Nobody	us				
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	called	Nobody	us				
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	asked not to be named	an official close to the case					
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .	says	Don Sider	`` Nothing can be better than this ''				
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .	can be better than	Nothing	this				
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .	is the owner of	Don Sider	the West Palm Beach Tropics				
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . ''	is just sitting right there	everything such as program trading and wide stock market swings that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness	Now				
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . ''	had pushed back	everyone	program trading and wide stock market swings in their consciousness				
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .	is that	The bottom line	if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible				
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	said	Frank Moore	`` The only people who are flying are those who have to ''				
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	are	The only people who are flying	those who have to				
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .	is chairman of	Frank Moore	the Australian Tourist Industry Association				
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	said	Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. )	`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible ''				
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	has introduced	Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. )	a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt				
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .	has authority to issue	the RTC	debt				
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back .	were oversold	We					
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back .	bounced back	we	today	today			
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	told	A casting director at the time	Scott				
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	had wished that	he	he 'd met him a week before				
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	was casting for	he	the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon				
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	was	Hofmann	a teenage coin collector	still			
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	forged	he	a rare mint mark on a dime				
According to Hofmann , while still a teenage coin collector , he forged a rare mint mark on a dime and was told by an organization of coin collectors that it was genuine .	was told	he	by an organization of coin collectors				
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	saw	Condon	Hauptmann		in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station		
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	told	Condon	FBI Special Agent Turrou				
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	is	Turrou	FBI Special Agent				
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	is	John	the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery				
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	passed	he	the ransom money		in St. Raymond 's Cemetery		
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	told	IFAR	He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell				
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	sold them well below	He	market value				
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .	incurred	He	credit - card debts				
